Resource: Resource: Company Name: NVIDIA Corporation

Business summary:
 Item 1. Business 

Our Company 

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a full-stack computing infrastructure company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry. 

Our full-stack includes the foundational CUDA programming model that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-specific software libraries, software development kits, or SDKs, and Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs. This deep and broad software stack accelerates the performance and eases the deployment of NVIDIA accelerated computing for computationally intensive workloads such as artificial intelligence, or AI, model training and inference, data analytics, scientific computing, and 3D graphics, with vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to automotive and manufacturing. 

Our data-center-scale offerings are comprised of compute and networking solutions that can scale to tens of thousands of GPU-accelerated servers interconnected to function as a single giant computer; this type of data center architecture and scale is needed for the development and deployment of modern AI applications. 

The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human intelligence, enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by thousands of computing cores, are essential for deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serve as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered AI solutions are being developed by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been immensely difficult or even impossible with traditional coding. Examples include generative AI, which can create new content such as text, code, images, audio, video, molecule structures, and recommendation systems, which can recommend highly relevant content such as products, services, media, or ads using deep neural networks trained on vast datasets that capture the user's preferences. 

NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, systems, software, algorithms, libraries, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs and networking and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number of developers and installed base across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform to our customers. 

Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $58.2 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the &#8220;Big Bang&#8221; moment of AI. We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous driving system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our innovation canvas to include networking, enabled our platforms to be data center scale, and led to the introduction of a new processor class &#8211; the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software stacks that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world&#8217;s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, Clara for healthcare, and Omniverse for industrial digitalization; and introduced the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software &#8211; essentially an operating system for enterprise AI applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and high performance computing, or HPC. With a strong engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking, software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on software. 

The world&#8217;s leading cloud service providers, or CSPs, and consumer internet companies use our data center-scale accelerated computing platforms to enable, accelerate, develop, or enrich the services and offerings they deliver to billions of end users, including AI solutions and assistants, AI foundation models, search, recommendations, social networking, online shopping, live video, and translation. 

Enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our accelerated computing platforms to build new generative and agentic AI-enabled products and services, and/or to dramatically accelerate and reduce the costs of their workloads and workflows. The enterprise software industry uses them for new AI assistants, chatbots, and agents; the transportation industry for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry for accelerated and computer-aided drug discovery; and the financial services industry for customer support and fraud detection. 

Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With support for more than 4,400 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA powers over 75% of the supercomputers on the global TOP500 list, including 38 of the top 50 systems on the Green500 list. 

Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of gamers, the market for PC GPUs is expanding because of the burgeoning population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and creators. With the advent of generative AI, we expect a broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running generative AI applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive AI applications. 

Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range of creative and design use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative AI is expanding the market for our workstation-class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their data on-premises. 

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 

Our Businesses 

We report our business results in two segments. 

The Compute &#38; Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and AI solutions and software; networking; automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and DGX Cloud computing services. 

The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and solutions for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating industrial AI and digital twin applications. 

Our Markets 

We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. 

Data Center 

The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics, and scientific computing, delivering significantly better performance and power efficiency relative to conventional CPU-only approaches. It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale, on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of compute and networking offerings typically delivered to customers as systems, subsystems, or modules, along with software and services. 

Our compute offerings include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our energy efficient GPUs, CPUs, interconnects, and fully optimized AI and HPC software stacks. In addition, they include NVIDIA AI Enterprise software; our DGX Cloud service; and a growing body of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks. 

Our networking offerings include end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, switch chips and systems, as well as a full software stack. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can interconnect thousands of compute nodes with high-performance networking. While historically the server was the unit of computing, as AI and HPC workloads have become extremely large spanning thousands of compute nodes, the data center has become the new unit of computing, with networking as an integral part. 

Our customers include the world&#8217;s leading public cloud and consumer internet companies, thousands of enterprises and startups, and public sector entities. We work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Our direct customers include original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or ODMs, system integrators and distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, retail, and technology among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI. 

At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training and inferencing of neural networks. They are available in the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform and in 

industry standard servers from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in fiscal year 2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to deliver data center-scale computing solutions. 

While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA parallel programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks. 

In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations. We also offer the NVIDIA DGX Cloud, a fully managed AI-training-as-a-service platform which includes cloud-based infrastructure and software for AI, customizable pretrained AI models, and access to NVIDIA experts. 

In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture, a full set of data center scale infrastructure that includes GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, interconnects, switch chips and systems, and networking adapters. Blackwell excels at processing cutting edge generative AI and accelerated computing workloads with market leading performance and efficiency. Offered in a number of configurations, it can address the needs of customers across industries and a diverse set of AI and accelerated computing use cases. 

Gaming 

Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming, or eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators. 

Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. We developed NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a computationally intensive technique that simulates the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of AI applications. With an installed base of over 100 million AI capable PCs, more than 700 RTX AI-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools, RTX is already the AI PC leader. 

Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming for playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles. 

In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to unlock a new era of graphics innovation. The RTX 50 Series also features the next generation of our DLSS technology powered for the first time by a transformer model architecture. Together these technologies help deliver up to a 2x leap in performance and stunning visual realism for PC gamers, developers, and creatives. 

Professional Visualization 

We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics. Additionally, the infusion of generative AI into an increasing number of applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI processing capabilities of our RTX GPUs. 

The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate shadows, reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software. 

We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building and running virtual world simulation applications, available as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse&#8217;s 3D and simulation technologies to digitalize their complex physical assets, processes, and environments &#8211; building digital twins of factories, real time 3D product configurators, testing and validating autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud. 

Automotive 

Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for the AV market under the DRIVE Hyperion brand. We have demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself as a pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the human driver while creating a safer driving experience. 

We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers, sensor manufacturers, automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center computing solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware running an in-vehicle operating system (DRIVE OS), a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences. 

In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution based on NVIDIA Omniverse software to develop synthetic data for AI model training, as well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuous innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle. 

Business Strategies 

NVIDIA&#8217;s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include: 

Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore&#8217;s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, algorithm, and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets. 

Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers &#8211; GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position. 

In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, a fully managed AI-training-as-a-service platform, along with NVIDIA AI Enterprise&#8212;a comprehensive software suite designed to simplify the development and deployment of production-grade, end-to-end generative AI applications. NVIDIA AI Enterprise includes: NVIDIA NIM, which delivers a 2.5x increase in token throughput using industry-leading open and proprietary models; NVIDIA NeMo, a complete solution for curating, fine-tuning, evaluating, and safeguarding domain-adapted models; and AI Blueprints, pre-built, runnable templates that help enterprises build, optimize, and deploy AI agents while preserving privacy. These tools enable organizations to securely develop and run AI applications on NVIDIA-accelerated infrastructure anywhere. 

Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our computing platforms are available from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 5.9 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform. 

Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. For example, NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine, or ACE, is 

a suite of technologies that help developers bring digital avatars to life with generative AI, running in the cloud or locally on the PC. GeForce Experience enhances each gamer&#8217;s experience by optimizing their PC&#8217;s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and accelerate a number of popular creative applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers, and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We also enable interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device, almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming. 

Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception, localization, and planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from the ground up based on automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our partnerships with automotive OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving. 

Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through license and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do so through a custom development. Such license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology. 

Sales and Marketing 

Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing platforms and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, ISVs, global system integrators, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants. 

Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and solution architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to enable our customers to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure for generative AI and LLM training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to enable our customers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network&#8217;s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform. 

To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms. 

Seasonality 

Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat. 

Manufacturing 

We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. In periods 

of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums, or provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so. 

We have expanded our supplier relationships to build redundancy and resilience in our operations to provide long-term manufacturing capacity aligned with growing customer demand. Our supply chain is mainly concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region. We utilize foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung, to produce our semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from SK Hynix Inc., Micron Technology, Inc., and Samsung. We utilize CoWoS technology for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors and contract manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and packaging of our final products. 

Competition 

The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by our products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share. 

A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customers or technological changes. We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future. 

Our current competitors include: 

&#8226; suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated computing solutions, including solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel; 

&#8226; large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI computing functionality as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft; 

&#8226; suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft; 

&#8226; suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom, Inc., or Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and 

&#8226; networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules) include such as AMD, Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel, Lumentum Holdings Inc., and Marvell Technology, Inc. as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services companies. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from February 2025 to June 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on such factors as: 

&#8226; the location in which our products are manufactured; 

&#8226; our strategic technology or product directions in different countries; 

&#8226; the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and 

&#8226; the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. 

We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements. 

Government Regulations 

Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. 

Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside the United States. 

In August 2022, the U.S. government, or the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. 

In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East. 

In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL 72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and Country Groups D1, D4 and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. Additionally, we understand that partners and customers have also not received a license to ship these restricted products. 

On January 15, 2025, the USG published the &#8220;AI Diffusion&#8221; IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified, impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs, (including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance and/or performance density. 

Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada. 

Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long term, if there are further changes in the USG&#8217;s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East and countries designated &#8220;Tier 2&#8221; by the AI Diffusion IFR. In addition to export controls, the USG may impose restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in China. For example, the USG is considering restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers. 

While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. Refer to &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors &#8211; Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters&#8221; for a discussion of this potential impact. 

Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could further increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. Refer to &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; for a discussion of these potential impacts. 

Sustainability and Governance 

NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. Our goal is to integrate sound environmental, social, and corporate governance principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices related to sustainability and corporate governance. We assess our programs annually in consideration of stakeholder expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business success and reflect the topics of highest concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders. 

The following section and the Human Capital Management Section below provide an overview of our principles and practices. More information can be found on our website and in our annual Sustainability Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Refer to &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to sustainability. 

Climate Change 

In the area of environmental sustainability, we work to address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess related risks, including current and emerging regulations and market impacts. 

In May 2024, we published metrics related to our environmental impact for fiscal year 2024. Fiscal year 2025 metrics are expected to be published in the first half of fiscal year 2026. There has been no material impact to our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position associated with global environmental sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable energy. We committed to purchase or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for offices and data centers under our operational control starting with our fiscal year 2025. In fiscal year 2024, we made progress towards this goal and increased the percentage of our electricity use matched by renewable energy to 76%. By the end of fiscal year 2026, we also aim to engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA&#8217;s scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with the goal of effecting supplier adoption of science-based targets. 

Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers, improving energy efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is inherently more energy efficient than traditional computing for many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance per watt, and certain AI workloads. We continue to have a strong presence on the Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems&#8212;we powered 8 of the top 10 most energy efficient systems, including the top supercomputer, on the November 2024 Green500 list. 

We launched our Earth-2 initiative to create a digital twin of the Earth on NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse platforms. Earth-2 will enable scientists, companies, and policy makers to do ultra-high-resolution predictions of the impact of climate change and explore mitigation and adaptation strategies. 

Human Capital Management 

We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of the end of fiscal year 2025, we had approximately 36,000 employees in 38 countries; 27,100 were engaged in research and development and 8,900 were engaged in sales, marketing, operations, and administrative positions. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors assists in the oversight of policies and strategies relating to human capital management. 

To execute our business strategy successfully, we must recruit, develop, and retain the very best talent globally, including exceptional executives, scientists, engineers, and technical and non-technical staff. 

Recruitment 

As the demand for global technical talent continues to be high, we have grown our technical workforce and have been successful in attracting top talent to NVIDIA. We have attracted talent worldwide through our strong employer brand and differentiated hiring strategies for college, professional, and leadership talent. Our workforce is 82% technical and 51% 

hold advanced degrees. Additionally, we have increased our focus on diversity recruiting and we welcome employees of all backgrounds. Our own employees also help to surface top talent, with over 41% of our new hires in fiscal year 2025 coming from employee referrals. 

Development and Retention 

To support employee development, we provide opportunities to learn on-the-job through training courses, targeted development programs, mentoring and peer coaching and ongoing feedback. We constantly upgrade our learning offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current content and technologies available. We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications and encourage internal job mobility. We have also implemented specifically designed mentoring and development programs for women and employees from traditionally underrepresented groups to ensure widespread readiness for future advancement. 

To evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform. We want NVIDIA to be a place where people can grow their careers over their lifetime and our employees tend to come and stay. In fiscal year 2025, our overall turnover rate was 2.5%. 

Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being 

Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company&#8217;s future. Employees receive equity, except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over time to retain employees while simultaneously aligning their interests with those of our shareholders. 

We offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees&#8217; and their families&#8217; physical health, well-being, and financial health. Programs include 401(k) programs in the U.S., statutory and supplemental pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase program, flexible work hours, and time off policies. We evaluate our benefit offerings globally and aim to provide comparable support across the regions where we operate. We offer tailored benefits based on the needs of our employees including continuing support for parents; both new birth parents and those who wish to become parents. Our support is enhanced during times of crisis, such as war or economic volatility, to take care of our existing team of world-class talent and their families. 

Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging at NVIDIA 

We believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all our employees. 

When recruiting new talent or developing our current employees, we strive to build a diverse talent pipeline that includes those underrepresented in the technology field, including women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates. 

To this end, we: 

&#8226; Hire, promote and compensate our employees based on merit; 

&#8226; Partner with institutions and professional organizations serving historically underrepresented communities; 

&#8226; Enlist dedicated recruiting teams to shepherd underrepresented candidates through the interview process and identify internal opportunities; 

&#8226; Support the development and growth of women employees through programs aimed at building a pipeline of future leaders; 

&#8226; Provide peer support and executive sponsors for our internal community resource groups; 

&#8226; Provide training and education to managers and peers on fostering supportive environments that allow all our employees to do their best work; 

&#8226; Track equity and parity in retention, promotions, pay, and employee engagement scores; and 

&#8226; Measure year over year progress and provide leadership visibility on talent and diversity efforts. 

As of the end of fiscal year 2025, our global workforce was 78% male, 21% female, and 1% not declared, with 6% of our workforce in the United States composed of Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino employees. 

Flexible Working Environment 

We support a flexible work environment allowing us to recruit the very best employees, regardless of where they live. This flexibility supports diverse hiring, retention of talent, including working parents and other caregivers and employee engagement, which we believe makes NVIDIA a great place to work. We also provide company-wide 2-days off per quarter for employees to rest and recharge. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages, and positions as of February 21, 2025: 

##TABLE_START Name Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang 62 President and Chief Executive Officer Colette M. Kress 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ajay K. Puri 70 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations Debora Shoquist 70 Executive Vice President, Operations Timothy S. Teter 58 Executive Vice President and General Counsel ##TABLE_END

Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors since our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety of positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for AMD, a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University. 

Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for all business segments, engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of the Server and Tools division, where Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University. 

Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations in 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-Packard, an information technology company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and technology consulting company, and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. 

Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communications test and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University. 

Timothy S. Teter joined NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as an engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, an aerospace company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School. 

Available Information 

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on or through our website, http://www.nvidia.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC&#8217;s website, http://www.sec.gov , contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 



Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors,&#8221; our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold, or sell shares of our common stock. 

Overview 

Our Company and Our Businesses 

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, AV, robotics, and digital twin applications. 

Our two operating segments are "Compute &#38; Networking" and "Graphics." Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 

Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges 

Demand and Supply 

Revenue growth in fiscal year 2025 was driven by data center compute and networking platforms for accelerated computing and AI solutions. Demand for our Hopper architecture drove our significant growth for the full year. We began shipping production systems of the Blackwell architecture in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025. 

Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able to generate significant revenue from them. Advancements in accelerated computing and generative AI models, along with the growth in model complexity and scale, have driven increased demand for our Data Center systems. 

We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our data center products. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates more complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines. 

Product Transitions and New Product Introductions 

Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays. We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact our ability to develop other products or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the frequency of new products or may not be able to adopt our new products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost. While we have managed prior product transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs. 

Global Trade 

In August 2022, the USG announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. 

In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East. 

In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL 72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and Country Groups D1, D4 and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. Additionally, we understand that partners and customers have also not received a license to ship these restricted products. 

We expanded our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. We ramped new products designed specifically for China that do not require an export control license. Our Data Center revenue in China grew in fiscal year 2025. As a percentage of total Data Center revenue, it remains well below levels seen prior to the onset of export controls in October 2023. The market in China for datacenter solutions remains competitive. We will continue to comply with export controls while serving our customers. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a license for the customer but have no assurance that the USG will grant such a license, or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all. 

On January 15, 2025, the USG published the &#8220;AI Diffusion&#8221; IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified, impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs, (including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance and/or performance density. 

Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada. 

Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long term, if there are further changes in the USG&#8217;s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East and countries designated &#8220;Tier 2&#8221; by the AI Diffusion IFR. In addition to export controls, the USG may impose restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in China. For example, the USG is considering restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers. 

While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. Refer to &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors &#8211; Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters&#8221; for a discussion of this potential impact. 

Macroeconomic Factors 

Macroeconomic factors, including&#8239;inflation, interest rate changes, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints, tariffs, and global economic and geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. 

Israel and Regional Conflicts 

We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,700 employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our global supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. Some of our employees in the region have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business. 

Fiscal Year 2025 Summary 

##TABLE_START &#160; Year Ended &#160; Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Change ($ in millions, except per share data) Revenue $ 130,497 $ 60,922 Up 114% Gross margin 75.0 % 72.7 % Up 2.3 pts Operating expenses $ 16,405 $ 11,329 Up 45% Operating income $ 81,453 $ 32,972 Up 147% Net income $ 72,880 $ 29,760 Up 145% Net income per diluted share $ 2.94 $ 1.19 Up 147% ##TABLE_END

We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. 

Revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $130.5 billion, up 114% from a year ago. 

Data Center revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 142% from a year ago. The strong year-on-year growth was driven by demand for our Hopper architecture accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. We began shipping production systems of the Blackwell architecture in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025. 

Gaming revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 9% from a year ago, driven by sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs. 

Professional Visualization revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 21% from a year ago, driven by the continued ramp of Ada RTX GPU workstations for use cases such as generative AI-powered design, simulation, and engineering. 

Automotive revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 55% from a year ago, driven by sales of our self-driving platforms. 

Gross margin increased in fiscal year 2025 driven by a higher mix of Data Center revenue. 

Operating expenses for fiscal year 2025 were up 45% from a year ago, driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses due to employee growth and compensation increases, and engineering development, compute and infrastructure costs for new product introductions. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of inventories, income taxes, and revenue recognition. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of significant accounting policies. 

Inventories 

We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products or components, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase 

commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions, which requires management judgment. 

Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, including potential cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-times, government regulations and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions. 

The net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 2.3% in fiscal year 2025 and 2.7% in fiscal year 2024. Our inventory and capacity purchase commitments are based on forecasts of future customer demand and consider our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our manufacturing lead times can be and have been long, and in some cases, extended beyond twelve months for some products. We may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums and provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products. 

Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 

Income Taxes 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly. 

We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized based on all available evidence. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period. 

We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue Allowances 

For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking distributors for specific products are contractually limited based on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow returns, although we may approve returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances. 

We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, or MDFs, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price incentives or other channel programs for specific products and customer classes which require judgement as to whether the applicable incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors. 

License and Development Arrangements 

Revenue from License and Development Arrangements is recognized over the period in which the development services are performed. Each fiscal reporting period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each project. Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal engineer personnel time expected to be incurred and other third-party costs as applicable. 

Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 

Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgement is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes. 

We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In certain cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. If standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data and other observable inputs. 

Results of Operations 

A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, which is available free of charge on the SEC&#8217;s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com. 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue. 

##TABLE_START &#160; Year Ended &#160; Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Revenue 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue 25.0 27.3 Gross profit 75.0 72.7 Operating expenses &#160; Research and development 9.9 14.2 Sales, general and administrative 2.7 4.4 Total operating expenses 12.6 18.6 Operating income 62.4 54.1 Interest income 1.4 1.4 Interest expense (0.2) (0.4) Other, net 0.8 0.4 Other income (expense), net 2.0 1.4 Income before income tax 64.4 55.5 Income tax expense 8.6 6.6 Net income 55.8 % 48.9 % ##TABLE_END

Reportable Segments 

Revenue by Reportable Segments 

##TABLE_START Year Ended Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 $ Change % Change ($ in millions) Compute &#38; Networking $ 116,193 $ 47,405 $ 68,788 145 % Graphics 14,304 13,517 787 6 % Total $ 130,497 $ 60,922 $ 69,575 114 % ##TABLE_END

Operating Income by Reportable Segments 

##TABLE_START Year Ended Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 $ Change % Change ($ in millions) Compute &#38; Networking $ 82,875 $ 32,016 $ 50,859 159 % Graphics 5,085 5,846 (761) (13) % All Other (6,507) (4,890) (1,617) 33 % Total $ 81,453 $ 32,972 $ 48,481 147 % ##TABLE_END

Compute &#38; Networking revenue &#8211; The year over year increase was due to strong demand for our accelerated computing and AI solutions. Revenue from Data Center computing grew 162% driven primarily by demand for our Hopper computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. Revenue from Data Center networking grew 51% driven by Ethernet for AI revenue, which includes Spectrum-X end-to-end ethernet platform. 

Graphics revenue &#8211; The year over year increase was driven by sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs. 

Reportable segment operating income &#8211; The year over year increase in Compute &#38; Networking segment operating income was driven by growth in revenue. The year over year decrease in Graphics segment operating income was driven by an increase of 44% in segment operating expenses, partially offset by growth in revenue. 

All Other operating loss &#8211; The year over year increase was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense reflecting employee growth and compensation increases. 

Concentration of Revenue 

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet companies, enterprises, and public sector entities. 

Direct Customers &#8211; Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute &#38; Networking segment, are presented in the following table: 

##TABLE_START Year Ended Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Direct Customer A 12 % * Direct Customer B 11 % 13 % Direct Customer C 11 % * ##TABLE_END

* Less than 10% of total revenue. 

No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2023. 

Indirect Customers &#8211; Indirect customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product specifications, internal sales data, and other sources. Actual indirect customer revenue may differ from our estimates. For fiscal year 2025, an indirect customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Direct Customer B, is estimated to represent 10% or more of total revenue, attributable to the Compute &#38; Networking segment. 

We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue. 

Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to indirect customers in a different location. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53% and 56% of total revenue for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related intangible amortization expense, costs for license and development and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing operations. 

Gross margins increased to 75.0% in fiscal year 2025 from 72.7% in fiscal year 2024. The year over year increase was primarily driven by a higher mix of Data Center revenue. 

Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $3.7 billion and $2.2 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sales of previously reserved inventory and settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $689 million and $540 million for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.3% and 2.7% in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. 

Operating Expenses 

##TABLE_START &#160; Year Ended &#160; Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Research and development expenses $ 12,914 $ 8,675 $ 4,239 49 % % of net revenue 9.9 % 14.2 % &#160; &#160; Sales, general and administrative expenses 3,491 2,654 837 32 % % of net revenue 2.7 % 4.4 % &#160; &#160; Total operating expenses $ 16,405 $ 11,329 $ 5,076 45 % % of net revenue 12.6 % 18.6 % ##TABLE_END

The increases in research and development expenses for fiscal year 2025 were driven by a 32% increase in compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases, a 100% increase in compute and infrastructure, and a 234% increase in engineering development costs for new product introductions. 

The increases in sales, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2025 were primarily driven by compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

##TABLE_START &#160; Year Ended &#160; Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 $ Change &#160; ($ in millions) Interest income $ 1,786 $ 866 $ 920 Interest expense (247) (257) 10 Other, net 1,034 237 797 Other income (expense), net $ 2,573 $ 846 $ 1,727 ##TABLE_END

The increase in interest income was primarily due to growth in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 

Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. 

Other, net consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-marketable equity securities, publicly-held equity securities, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. The change in Other, net, compared to fiscal year 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in fair value of our non-marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity securities. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our non-marketable equity securities. 

Income Taxes 

Income tax expense was $11.1 billion and $4.1 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of income before income tax was an expense of 13.3% and 12.0% for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. 

The effective tax rate increased primarily due to higher pre-tax income and a prior year discrete benefit due to an audit resolution. 

Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to tax benefits from the FDII deduction, stock-based compensation, the U.S. federal research tax credit, and income earned in jurisdictions that are subject to taxes at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 was additionally benefited by the audit resolution. 

Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available information. 

Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

##TABLE_START &#160; Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 &#160; (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,589 $ 7,280 Marketable securities 34,621 18,704 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $ 43,210 $ 25,984 ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#160; Year Ended Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 &#160; (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 64,089 $ 28,090 Net cash used in investing activities $ (20,421) $ (10,566) Net cash used in financing activities $ (42,359) $ (13,633) ##TABLE_END

Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. 

Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, due to growth in revenue. 

Cash used in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by net purchases of marketable securities, and purchase of land, property and equipment. 

Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, mainly due to higher share repurchases and higher tax payments related to RSUs. 

Liquidity 

Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations. As of January 26, 2025, we had $43.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and share purchases. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements. 

Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Except for approximately $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside the U.S. at the end of fiscal year 2025 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. 

Capital Return to Shareholders 

On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2025, we repurchased 310 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion. As of January 26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock. 

From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities. 

In fiscal year 2025, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders. 

The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee compensation made after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is included in our share repurchase cost and was not material for fiscal years 2025 and 2024. 

Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program 

Our aggregate debt maturities as of January 26, 2025, by year payable, are as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Jan 26, 2025 &#160; (In millions) Due in one year $ &#8212; Due in one to five years 2,250 Due in five to ten years 2,750 Due in greater than ten years 3,500 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (37) Net long-term carrying amount $ 8,463 ##TABLE_END

We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding. 

Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 

Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations 

For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 11, Note 12, and Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively. 

During fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2024, we spent $3.4 billion and $1.1 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase capital expenditures in fiscal year 2026 relative to fiscal year 2025 to support the future growth of our business. 

Unrecognized tax benefits of $2.2 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $251 million, were recorded in non-current income tax payable at the end of fiscal year 2025. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 

Climate Change 

To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends. 

Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 



Instruction: 
According to the given information, 
1. Briefly describe the company overview and company’s industry, using the structure: "Founded in xxxx, 'company name' is a xxxx that provides .....
2. Highlight core strengths and competitive advantages key products or services,
3. Include topics about end market (geography), major customers (blue chip or not), market share for market position section,
4. Identify current industry trends, opportunities, and challenges that influence the company’s strategy,
5. Outline recent strategic initiatives such as product launches, acquisitions, or new partnerships, and describe the company's response to market conditions. 
Less than 300 words.


Instruction: Summarize the analysis, less than 130 words.