Resource: Business summary:
 ITEM 1. Business 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

General 

Chubb Limited is the Swiss-incorporated holding company of the Chubb Group of Companies. Chubb Limited, which is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Chubb Group of Companies, Chubb, we, us, or our) are a global insurance and reinsurance organization, serving the needs of a diverse group of clients worldwide. At December 31, 2024, we had total assets of $247 billion and total Chubb shareholders&#8217; equity, which excludes noncontrolling interests, of $64 billion. Chubb was incorporated in 1985 at which time it opened its first business office in Bermuda and continues to maintain operations in Bermuda. We have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansio n of product offerings and geographic reach, and the acquisition of other companies, to become a global property and casualty (P&#38;C) leader. We expanded our personal accident and supplemental health (A&#38;H), and life insurance business with the acquisition of Cigna's business in several Asian markets in 2022. We further advanced our goal of greater product, customer, and geographical diversification with incremental purchases that led to a controlling majority interest in Huatai Insurance Group Co. Ltd (Huatai Group), a Chinese financial services holding company with separate P&#38;C, life, and asset management subsidiaries (collectively, Huatai) on July 1, 2023. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai Group was approximately 85.5 percent. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our acquisitions. 

With operations in 54 countries and territories, Chubb provides commercial and consumer P&#38;C insurance, A&#38;H, reinsurance, and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. We provide commercial insurance products and service offerings such as risk management programs, loss control, and engineering and complex claims management. We provide specialized insurance products ranging from Directors &#38; Officers (D&#38;O) and financial lines to various specialty-casualty and umbrella and excess casualty lines to niche areas such as aviation and energy. We also offer consumer lines insurance coverage including homeowners, automobile, valuables, umbrella liability, and recreational marine products. In addition, we supply A&#38;H and life insurance to individuals in select countries. 

We serve multinational corporations, mid-size and small businesses with property and casualty insurance and risk engineering services; affluent and high net worth individuals with substantial assets to protect; individuals purchasing life, personal accident, supplemental health, homeowners, automobile in certain international markets and for high net worth individuals in the U.S., and specialty personal insurance coverage; companies and affinity groups providing or offering accident and health insurance programs and life insurance to their employees or members; and insurers managing exposures with reinsurance coverage. 

We make available free of charge through our website (investors.chubb.com, under Financials) our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also available through our website (under Investor Relations / Corporate Governance) are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and Charters for the Committees of the Board of Directors (the Board). Printed documents are available by contacting our Investor Relations Department (Telephone: +1 (212) 827-4445, E-mail: investorrelations@chubb.com). 

We also use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this report. The SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file with the SEC. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Customers 

For most commercial and personal lines of business we offer, insureds typically use the services of an insurance broker or agent. An insurance broker acts as an agent for the insureds, offering advice on the types and amount of insurance to purchase, and assists in the negotiation of price and terms and conditions. We obtain business from the local and major international insurance brokers and typically pay a commission to brokers for any business accepted and bound. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business. In our 

PART I 

opinion, no material part of our business is dependent upon a single insured or group of insureds. We do not believe that the loss of any one insured would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Competition 

Competition in the insurance and reinsurance marketplace is substantial. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermuda, European, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, technological, marketing, distribution and management resources than we do. In addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. We also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance and reinsurance markets. Competitors include other stock companies, mutual companies, alternative risk sharing groups (such as group captives and catastrophe pools), and other underwriting organizations. Competitors sell through various distribution channels and business models, across a broad array of product lines, and with a high level of variation regarding geographic, marketing, and customer segmentation. We compete for business not only on the basis of price but also on the basis of availability of coverage desired by customers and quality of service. We also compete in China for assets under management (AUM) with investment management firms, banks, and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to those offered by Huatai's asset management companies. 

The insurance industry is changing rapidly. Our ability to compete is dependent on a number of factors, particularly our ability to maintain the appropriate financial strength ratings as assigned by independent rating agencies and effectively using digital capabilities, including the growth of new digital-based distribution models, in an everchanging competitive landscape and incorporating, among other things, climate and environmental changes into our insurance processes, products, and services. Our broad market capabilities in personal, commercial, specialty, and A&#38;H lines made available by our underwriting expertise, business infrastructure, and global presence, help define our competitive advantage. Our superior claims service is a significant asset to our business, our business partners and customers, and is unique in the industry. Our strong balance sheet is attractive to businesses, and our strong capital position and global platform affords us opportunities for growth not available to smaller, less diversified insurance companies. Refer to &#8220;Segment Information&#8221; for competitive environment by segment. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Trademarks and Trade Names 

Various trademarks and trade names we use protect names of certain products and services we offer and are important to the extent they provide goodwill and name recognition in the insurance industry. We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect these proprietary rights, including various trade secret and trademark laws. We intend to retain material trademark rights in perpetuity, so long as it satisfies the use and registration requirements of applicable countries. One or more of the trademarks and trade names could be material to our ability to sell our products and services. We have taken appropriate steps to protect our ownership of key names, and we believe it is unlikely that anyone would be able to prevent us from using names in places or circumstances material to our operations. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Human Capital Management 

Global Workforce 

At Chubb, our employees are central to our commitment to deliver excellence in all we do, to provide exceptional service for our customers and business partners, and to be there when our customers need us most. 

We operate in 54 countries and territories and our global workforce of 43,000 employees is geographically dispersed with 39 percent in North America, 38 percent in Asia, 13 percent in Latin America and 10 percent in Europe, Eurasia, and Africa. The average age of our workforce is 41 years, and the average tenure is 7.4 years. 

Our success depends on diversity of opportunity and capability &#8212; our mix of products, our geographic reach, our presence across the world&#8217;s many cultures, and our effort and ability to attract, develop, and retain the very best talent, wherever we operate, without regard to color, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation or any other personal characteristic unrelated to work responsibilities. 

Chubb Culture 

Our culture supports a consistency in how we approach our business and how we work together in our company towards a common objective. We are clear about what it takes to succeed at Chubb &#8212; professionalism, skill and craftsmanship, and a commitment to execution excellence, both individually and as a team. We foster an environment where frank, yet respectful communication thrives, driven by a shared vision and pride that unites us for a greater good. We expect decisions about hiring, career opportunities, development, promotion, and compensation to be based on merit and free from bias related to individual differences. 

Human Capital Management Measures 

We have multiple measures of human capital management, including how well we are doing in providing opportunity for everyone to succeed: 

&#8226; Women lead lines of business that account for 40 percent of our global premium, lead several of our key global functions (including Enterprise Risk Management, Operations and Technology, Human Resources and Communications) and hold about a third of our executive level manager roles, as well as more than 40 percent of the next most senior manager roles. 

&#8226; Our business leaders reflect the ethnic diversity of our global footprint. The most senior executives who lead the company&#8217;s largest businesses and functions come from Ecuador, Argentina, Australia, the U.K., Korea, Canada, China, Chile, South Africa, and the U.S. Within the U.S., nearly 20 percent of our executive level managers are racially diverse, as well as more than 27 percent of the next most senior managers. 

&#8226; Investing in opportunities for personal growth and development is a key to our success. These development opportunities help our employees gain exposure and experiences that empower them to grow and contribute and enable our leaders to be intentional in maximizing the potential of each team member. In 2024, over 8,000 employees participated in facilitated learning programs, and close to 3,500 colleagues engaged in programs designed to enhance cultural awareness and inclusion. 

&#8226; Our Business Roundtable groups, engagement committees, and inclusion councils strive to support and drive meaningful connections and a sense of belonging across Chubb. Their commitment not only enhances our workplace culture but also drives positive business outcomes. They exemplify Chubb&#8217;s culture through their passion, spirit of generosity and dedication to something bigger than themselves. 

&#8226; Chubb delivers market competitive compensation and benefits to its employees utilizing benchmarking support from consultants for an external perspective and leveraging analytical tools to monitor and ensure internal pay equity. As an example, Chubb&#8217;s 2023 and 2024 U.S. pay equity analysis determined that there was no racial or gender pay gap in Chubb&#8217;s U.S. employee population for employees in similar roles. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Segment Information 

Chubb operates through six business segments: North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance, North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In 2024, consolidated net premiums earned (NPE) was $49.8 billion. On July 1, 2023, in connection with obtaining a controlling ownership interest in Huatai Group, we discontinued equity method accounting and applied consolidation accounting to our investment. Therefore, the business activity for, and the financial position of, Huatai Group is reported at 100 percent on the Consolidated Financial Statements as of that date. The relevant amounts attributable to shareholders other than Chubb are reflected under Noncontrolling interests. Huatai Group's life insurance and asset management businesses are included in the Life Insurance segment, and Huatai Group's P&#38;C business is included in the Overseas General Insurance segment. Results for Huatai Group's non-insurance operations, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our segments. 

North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance (40 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&#38;C and A&#38;H insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes: 

&#8226; Commercial Insurance (39 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), which includes our retail division focused on middle market customers and small businesses 

&#8226; Major Accounts (38 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), our retail division focused on large institutional organizations and corporate companies 

&#8226; Westchester (18 percent of this segment's 2024 NPE), our wholesale and specialty division 

&#8226; Chubb Bermuda (5 percent of this segment&#8217;s 2024 NPE), our high excess retail division 

Products and Distribution 

The Commercial Insurance operations provide a broad range of P&#38;C, financial lines, and A&#38;H products targeted to U.S and Canadian-based middle market customers in a variety of industries, while the Small Commercial operations provide a broad range of P&#38;C, workers' compensation, small commercial management and professional liability for small businesses based in the U.S. 

&#8226; Commercial Insurance products and services offered include traditional P&#38;C lines of business, including Package, which combines property and general liability, workers' compensation, automobile, umbrella; financial lines of business, including professional liability, management liability and cyber risk coverage; and other lines including environmental, A&#38;H, and 

international coverages. Commercial Insurance distributes its insurance products through a North American network of independent retail agents and regional, multinational and digital brokers. Generally, our customers purchase insurance through a single retail agent or broker, do not employ a risk management department, and do not retain significant risk through self-insured retentions. The majority of our customers purchase a Package product or a portfolio of products, which is a collection of insurance offerings designed to cover various needs. 

&#8226; Small Commercial Insurance products and services offered include property and casualty lines of business, including a business owner policy which contains property and general liability; financial l ines, including professional liability, management liability, and cyber risk coverage; and other lines including workers&#8217; compensation, automobile liabilit y, and international coverages. Products are generally offered through a North American network of independent agents and retail brokers, as well as eTraditional, which are digital platforms where we electronically quote, bind, and issue for agents and brokers. An example of this is the Chubb Marketplace. 

Major Accounts provides a broad array of commercial lines of products and services, including traditional and specialty P&#38;C, risk management, and A&#38;H products to large U.S. and Canadian-based institutional organizations and corporate companies. Major Accounts distributes its insurance products primarily through a limited number of retail brokers. In addition to using brokers, certain products are also distributed through general agents, independent agents, managing general agents (MGA), managing general underwriters, alliances, affinity groups, and direct marketing operations. Products and services offered include property, professional liability, cyber risk, excess casualty, workers&#8217; compensation, general liability, automobile liability, commercial marine, surety, environmental, construction, medical risk, inland marine, and A&#38;H coverages, as well as claims and risk management products and services. 

The Major Accounts operations are organized into the following distinct business units, each offering specialized products and services targeted at specific markets: 

&#8226; Chubb Global Casualty offers a range of customized risk management primary casualty products designed to help large insureds, including national accounts, manage risk for workers&#8217; compensation, general liability, and automobile liability coverages. Chubb Global Casualty also provides products which insure specific global operating risks of U.S.-based multinational companies and include deductible programs, captive programs, and paid or incurred loss retrospective plans. Within Chubb Global Casualty, Chubb Alternative Risk Solutions Group underwrites contractual indemnification policies which provide prospective coverage for loss events within the insured&#8217;s policy retention levels, and underwrites assumed loss portfolio transfer (LPT) contracts in which insured loss events have occurred prior to the inception of the contract. 

&#8226; Property provides products and services including primary, quota share and excess all-risk insurance, risk management programs and services, commercial, inland marine, and aerospace products. 

&#8226; Casualty provides coverages including umbrella and excess liability, environmental risk, casualty programs for commercial construction related projects for companies and institutions, medical risk specialty liability products for the healthcare industry, and casualty insurance solutions for commercial real estate. 

&#8226; Surety offers a wide variety of surety products and specializes in underwriting both commercial and contract bonds and has the capacity for bond issuance on an international basis. 

&#8226; Accident &#38; Health (A&#38;H) products are targeted to large corporate and affinity groups, and include employee benefit plans, occupational accident, student accident, and worldwide travel accident and global medical programs. With respect to products that include supplemental medical and hospital indemnity coverages, we typically pay fixed amounts for claims and are therefore insulated from rising healthcare costs. A&#38;H also provides specialty consumer lines products, including credit card enhancement programs (identity theft, rental car collision damage waiver, trip travel, and purchase protection benefits). 

&#8226; Financial Lines provides management liability and professional liability (D&#38;O and E&#38;O), transactional risk, and cyber risk products to public companies as well as to private and not-for-profit organizations. 

&#8226; ESIS Inc. (ESIS) is an in-house third-party claims administrator that performs claims management and risk control services for domestic and international organizations as well as for the North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance segment. ESIS services include comprehensive medical managed care; integrated disability services; pre-loss control and risk management; health, safety, and environmental consulting; salvage and subrogation; and healthcare recovery services. The net results for ESIS are included in North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance&#8217;s administrative expenses. 

Westchester is our wholesale and specialty division that serves the market for business risks that tend to be hard to place or not easily covered by traditional policies due to unique or complex exposures. Westchester provides specialty products for property, 

casualty, environmental, professional liability, inland marine, product recall, small business, and pet insurance, with digital and program coverages in the U.S. Products are offered through the wholesale distribution channel. In 2024, Westchester expanded its operations through the acquisition of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC, a managing general agent specializing in pet insurance, from Aon plc. Chubb has been the exclusive underwriter of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC since 2013. 

Chubb Bermuda is our high excess retail division which provides commercial insurance products on an excess basis including excess liability, D&#38;O, professional liability, property, and political risk, the latter being written by Sovereign Risk Insurance Ltd., a wholly-owned managing agent. Chubb Bermuda focuses on Fortune 1000 companies and targets risks that are generally low in frequency and high in severity. Products are offered primarily through the Bermuda offices of major, internationally recognized insurance brokers. 

Competitive Environment 

The Commercial Insurance operations compete against numerous insurance companies ranging from large national carriers to small and mid-size insurers who provide specialty coverages and standard P&#38;C products. Recent competitive developments include the growth of new digital-based distribution models. Westchester competes against a number of large, national carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as self-insured retentions and captive programs, and also employs digital-based distribution. Chubb Bermuda competes against international commercial carriers writing business on an excess of loss basis. 

Major Accounts competes against a number of large, global carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as self-insured retentions and captive programs. The markets in which we compete are subject to significant cycles of fluctuating capacity and wide disparities in price adequacy. We pursue a specialist strategy and focus on market opportunities where we can compete effectively based on service levels and product design, while still achieving an adequate level of profitability. We also achieve a competitive advantage through Major Accounts&#8217; innovative product offerings and our ability to provide multiple products to a single client due to our nationwide local presence. In addition, all our domestic commercial units are able to deliver global products and coverage to customers in concert with our Overseas General Insurance segment. 

North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance (12 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance segment includes the business written by Chubb Personal Risk Services division, which includes high-net-worth personal lines business, with operations in the U.S. and Canada. This segment provides affluent and high-net-worth individuals and families with homeowners, high value automobile and collector cars, valuable articles (including fine arts), personal and excess liability/umbrella, travel insurance, cyber, and recreational marine insurance and services. Our homeowners business, including valuable articles, represented 69 percent of North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance&#8217;s net premiums earned in 2024. 

Products and Distribution 

Chubb Personal Risk Services offers comprehensive personal insurance products and services to meet the evolving needs of high-net-worth families and individuals. Our seamless customer experience and superior coverage protect not only our clients&#8217; most valuable possessions, but also their standard of living. Our target customers consist of high-net-worth consumers with insurance needs that typically extend beyond what mass market carriers can offer. These coverages are offered on both an admitted and excess and surplus lines basis through independent regional agents and brokers, as well as digital partnerships. 

Competitive Environment 

Chubb Personal Risk Services competes against insurance companies of varying sizes that sell personal lines products through various distribution channels, including retail agents as well as online distribution channels. We achieve a competitive advantage through our ability to address the specific needs of high-net-worth families and individuals, to provide superior service to our customers, and to develop and deploy digital production and processes. 

North America Agricultural Insurance (5 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our U.S. and Canadian based businesses that provide a variety of coverages including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail insurance through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&#38;C commercial insurance products and services through our Chubb Agribusiness unit. 

Products and Distribution 

Rain and Hail provides comprehensive MPCI and crop-hail insurance coverages. 

&#8226; MPCI is federally subsidized crop protection from numerous causes of loss, including drought, excessive moisture, freeze, disease and more. The MPCI program is offered in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. MPCI products include revenue protection (defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages), yield protection, margin protection, prevented planting coverage, and replant coverage. For additional information on our MPCI program, refer to &#8220;Crop Insurance&#8221; under Item 7. 

&#8226; Crop-Hail coverage provides crop protection from damage caused by hail and/or fire, with options in some markets for other perils such as wind or theft. Coverage is provided on an acre-by-acre basis and is available in the U.S. and in some parts of Canada. Crop-Hail can be used in co njunction with MPCI or other comprehensive coverages to offset the deductible and provide protection up to the actual cash value of the crop. 

Chubb Agribusiness comprises Commercial Agribusiness and Farm and Ranch Agribusiness. 

&#8226; Commercial Agribusiness offers specialty P&#38;C coverages for commercial companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products. Commercial products and services include property, general liability for premises/operations and product liability, commercial automobile, workers' compensation, employment practices liability coverage, built-in coverage for premises pollution, cyber and information security, and product withdrawal. 

&#8226; Farm and Ranch Agribusiness offers an extensive line of coverages for farming operations from Hobby/Gentleman farms to complex corporate farms and equine services including personal use, boarding, and training. Coverages include farm and ranch structures, automobile and other vehicle coverages, and machinery and other equipment coverages. 

Competitive Environment 

Rain and Hail primarily operates in a federally regulated program where all approved providers offer the same product forms and rates through independent and/or captive agents. We seek a competitive advantage through our ability to provide superior service to our customers, including the development of digital solutions. Chubb Agribusiness competes against both national and regional competitors offering specialty P&#38;C insurance coverages to companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products. 

Overseas General Insurance (27 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The Overseas General Insurance segment comprises our retail division Chubb International, which includes Huatai Property &#38; Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai P&#38;C), our wholesale division Chubb Global Markets (CGM), and the international supplemental A&#38;H business of Combined International Insurance, which is no longer writing new business. Chubb International comprises our international retail commercial P&#38;C and corporate A&#38;H traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; consumer A&#38;H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international specialty and excess and surplus lines wholesale business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488, a wholly-owned Chubb syndicate supported by funds at Lloyd&#8217;s provided by Chubb Corporate Members. Syndicate 2488 has an underwriting capacity of &#163;630 million for the Lloyd&#8217;s 2025 account year. The syndicate is managed by Chubb&#8217;s Lloyd&#8217;s managing agency, Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai P&#38;C was approximately 85.5 percent. 

Products and Distribution 

Chubb International maintains a presence in every major insurance market in the world and is organized geographically along product lines as follows: Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia (including Huatai P&#38;C), and Latin America. Products offered 

include commercial P&#38;C and corporate A&#38;H lines, including specialty coverages and services, and consumer lines, including A&#38;H and personal lines insurance products. Chubb International's P&#38;C business is generally written, on both a direct and assumed basis, through major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Certain branded products are also offered via digital-commerce platforms, allowing agents and brokers to quote, bind, and issue policies at their convenience. Huatai P&#38;C provides a range of commercial and personal P&#38;C products in China, including automobile, homeowners, property, professional liability, product liability, employer liability, business interruption, marine cargo, personal accident, supplemental health, and specialty risk. These products are marketed through various distribution channels including nearly 200 licensed sales locations in 28 Chinese provinces. Property insurance products include traditional commercial fire coverage, as well as energy industry-related, marine, construction, and other technical coverages. Principal casualty products are commercial primary and excess casualty, environmental, and general liability. A&#38;H and other consumer lines products are distributed through brokers, agents, direct marketing programs, including thousands of telemarketers, and sponsor relationships. The A&#38;H operations primarily offer personal accident and supplemental medical coverages including accidental death, business/holiday travel, specified disease, disability, medical and hospital indemnity, and income protection. We are not in the primary healthcare business. With respect to our supplemental medical and hospital indemnity products, we typically pay fixed amounts for claims and are therefore largely insulated from the direct impact of rising healthcare costs. Chubb International specialty coverages include D&#38;O, professional indemnity, cyber, surety, aviation, political risk, and specialty personal lines products. Chubb International personal lines operations provide a wide range of consumer lines products to meet the needs of specific target markets around the world. Products include high net worth homes, traditional homeowners, automobile, and specialty products that cover smart phones, eyeglasses, and personal cyber risk. 

CGM offers products through its parallel distribution network via two legal entities, Chubb European Group SE (CEG) and Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited, managing agent of Syndicate 2488. CGM uses the Syndicate to underwrite P&#38;C business on a global basis through Lloyd's worldwide licenses. They also use CEG to underwrite similar classes, including in the U.S. where they are eligible to write excess and surplus lines business. Factors influencing the decision to place business with the Syndicate or CEG include licensing eligibilities and client/broker preference. CGM also has a presence outside London, in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia and Latin America, for certain specialty lines of business (political risk and trade credit as well as aviation) which are underwritten by local Chubb entities. All business underwritten by CGM is accessed through registered brokers, except for a limited number of direct relationships, where risks are written without an intermediary. The main lines of business include aviation, property, energy, marine, financial lines, cyber, political risk, and credit. 

Competitive Environment 

Chubb International's primary competitors include U.S.-based companies with glo bal operations, as well as non-U.S. global carriers and indigenous companies in regional and local markets. Huatai P&#38;C's primary competitors are China-based insurers, including state-owned or government related entities. For the A&#38;H and personal lines businesses, locally based competitors also include financial institutions and bank owned insurance subsidiaries. Our international operations have the distinct advantage of being part of one of the few international insurance groups with a global network of licensed companies able to write policies on a locally admitted basis. Our international operations also have the advantage of selling products through a variety of distribution channels including partnerships with major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Additionally, as noted above, certain branded products are also offered via digital-commerce platforms. The principal competitive factors that affect the international operations are underwriting expertise and pricing, relative operating efficiency, product differentiation, producer relations, and the quality of policyholder services. A competitive strength of our international operations is our global network and breadth of insurance programs, which assist individuals and business organizations to meet their risk management objectives, while also having a significant presence in all of the countries in which we operate, giving us the advantage of accessing local technical expertise and regulatory environments, understanding local markets and culture, accomplishing a spread of risk, and offering a global network to service multinational accounts. 

CGM is one of the preeminent international specialty insurers in London and is an established lead underwriter on a significant portion of the risks it underwrites for all lines of business. All lines of business face competition, depending on the business class, from Lloyd's syndicates, other carriers operating in the London market, and other major international insurers and reinsurers. Competition for international risks is also seen from domestic insurers in the country of origin of the insured. CGM differentiates itself from competitors through long standing experience in its product lines, its multiple insurance entities (Syndicate 2488 and CEG), and the quality of its underwriting and claims service. 

Global Reinsurance (3 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The Global Reinsurance segment represents Chubb's reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P&#38;C companies. 

Products and Distribution 

Global Reinsurance services clients globally through its major units. Major international brokers submit business to one or more of these units' underwriting teams who have built strong relationships with both key brokers and clients by providing a responsive, client-focused approach to risk assessment and pricing. Global Reinsurance&#8217;s diversified portfolio is produced through reinsurance intermediaries. 

Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda principally provides property catastrophe reinsurance to insurers of commercial and personal property. Property catastrophe reinsurance protects a ceding company against an accumulation of losses covered by its issued insurance policies, arising from a common event or occurrence. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda underwrites reinsurance principally on an excess of loss basis, meaning that its exposure only arises after the ceding company's accumulated losses have exceeded the attachment point of the reinsurance treaty. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda also writes other types of reinsurance on a limited basis for some select clients. 

Chubb Tempest Re USA offers an array of traditional and specialty P&#38;C reinsurance for the North American market, principally on a treaty basis, with a focus on writing property and casualty reinsurance. Chubb Tempest Re USA underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. 

Chubb Tempest Re International offers an array of traditional and specialty P&#38;C reinsurance to insurance companies worldwide, with emphasis on non-U.S. and non-Canadian risks, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re International underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. 

Chubb Tempest Re Canada offers an array of traditional and specialty P&#38;C reinsurance for the Canadian market, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re Canada underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis. 

Competitive Environment 

The Global Reinsurance segment competes worldwide with major U.S. and non-U.S. reinsurers as well as reinsurance departments of numerous multi-line insurance organizations. In addition, capital markets participants have developed alternative capital sources intended to compete with traditional reinsurance. Government sponsored or backed catastrophe funds can also affect demand for reinsurance. Global Reinsurance is typically involved in the negotiation and quotation of the terms and conditions of the majority of the contracts in which it participates. Global Reinsurance competes effectively in P&#38;C markets worldwide because of Chubb's strong capital position, analytical capabilities, experienced underwriting team and quality customer service. The key competitors in Global Reinsurance's markets vary by geographic region and product line. An advantage of Global Reinsurance's global platform is that it can change its mix of business in response to changes in competitive conditions in the territories in which it operates. Global Reinsurance's geographic reach is also sought by multinational ceding companies since its offices, except for Bermuda, provide local reinsurance license capabilities which benefit our clients in dealing with country regulators. 

Life Insurance (13 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE) 

Overview 

The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations (Chubb Life), which includes Huatai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai Life), Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the supplemental A&#38;H and life business of Combined Insurance. Also included in the Life Insurance segment are Huatai&#8217;s asset management companies, principally Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management. At December 31, 2024, our direct and indirect ownership interest in Huatai Life was 88.2 percent, Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd. was 77.8 percent, and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management was 72.7 percent. Insurance and asset management form an integral part of our China strategy to help customers with their protection and savings needs. 

Products and Distribution 

Chubb Life provides individual life, accident and health, and group benefit insurance primarily in Asia which accounts for 95 percent of Chubb Life net written premiums and deposits. Our Asia markets comprise South Korea, mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, New Zealand, Indonesia, and Myanmar. Outside of Asia, Chubb Life has a presence in Egypt and selectively in Latin America, with key markets being Chile, Brazil, Ecuador, and Mexico through a joint distribution model with Chubb Overseas General Insurance. 

Chubb Life offers a broad portfolio of protection and savings products including whole life, universal life, unit linked contracts, endowment plans, individual and group term life, dental, critical illness, dementia, hospital cash, personal accident, credit life and group employee benefits. The policies written by Chubb Life generally provide funds to beneficiaries of insureds upon death or insured event occurring and/or savings benefits while the contract owner is living in the case of savings products. Chubb Life earns income from both insurance contracts subject to mortality and morbidity risks and investment contracts not subject to insurance risks. Net investment income is a significant component of Segment income and is earned through strategic asset allocation based on asset liability matching and risk adjusted returns. 

Funds received from policyholders for investment contracts are not recorded as premium revenue, but rather as policyholder deposits with an offsetting policyholder account balance liability on the balance sheet. We earn income on investment contracts from both net investment spreads on policyholder account balances and fees for management and administrative services. These investment contracts are an important component of production. 

Chubb Life operates a multichannel distribution network enabling wider consumer reach. Our controlled distribution channels are a majority of net written premiums and include tied agency and telemarketing where we focus on recruiting, training and management of quality active distributors. Our captive agency distribution and telemarketing channels sell Chubb Life products exclusively and enable us to maintain direct contact with the retail consumer, promote quality sales practices, and generate better persistency. Independent brokers complement our agency channel, reaching a wider pool of mass affluent customers, especially in South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan. In China, Huatai Life has a network of over 300 branches across 20 provinces. 

Chubb Life growth is focused on maximizing opportunities in Asia, where we have market leading positions in direct marketing notably in South Korea, Taiwan and Indonesia. We intend to take advantage of rapid growth in our face-to-face channels through tied and independent agents and selected bancassurance partnerships. These distribution channels generate operating profits that exceed our target returns on invested capital and are sustainable due to a large in-force book. We are rapidly transforming our business digitally, leveraging our global data and artificial Intelligence assets to capitalize on digital partnership capabilities and our unique positioning as the leading composite insurer in Asia. 

Huatai Asset Management is licensed to manage institutional, pension, and retail mutual fund investments. Huatai asset management companies earn management and performance fees from the management of third-party assets and also earn fees related to the origination, distribution and management of private loans on behalf of highly rated domestic institutions in China. 

Chubb Life Re's core business is a Bermuda-based operation which provides reinsurance to primary life insurers, focusing on guarantees included in certain variable annuity products and also on more traditional mortality reinsurance protection. Chubb Life Re's U.S.-based traditional life reinsurance operation was discontinued for new business in January 2010. Since 2007 , Chubb Life Re has not quoted on new opportunities in the variable annuity reinsurance marketplace and our focus has been on managing the current portfolio of risk, both in the aggregate and on a contract basis. This business is ma naged with a long-term perspective and short-term net income volatility is expected. 

Combined Insurance distributes specialty supplemental A&#38;H and life insurance products targeted to consumers and businesses in the U.S. and Canada through both worksite and direct marketing sales. In the U.S., worksite products for mid and large-market employers are distributed through Chubb Workplace Benefits and a strong broker network. Combined U.S. focuses on small to mid-market employers, Main Street brokers and individual sales. In Canada, the business goes to market as Combined Canada, focused primarily on individual sales. Combined Insurance's substantial sales force distributes a wide range of supplemental accident and sickness insurance products, including personal accident, short-term disability, critical illness, Medicare supplement products, and hospital confinement/recovery. Most of these products are primarily fixed-indemnity benefit obligations and are not directly subject to escalating medical cost inflation. 

Competitive Environment 

Chubb Life's competition differs by location but generally includes multinational insurers, local insurers, joint ventures, and state-owned insurers. Chubb's financial strength and reputation as an entrepreneurial organization with a global presence and strong local management capabilities gives Chubb Life a strong base from which to compete and grow revenues. Combined Insurance competes for A&#38;H business in the U.S. against numerous A&#38;H and life insurance companies across various industry segments. 

In China, we also compete for assets under management (AUM) with investment management firms, banks, and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to those offered by Huatai Group&#8217;s asset management companies. 

Corporate 

Corporate results primarily include results of all run-off asbestos and environmental (A&#38;E) exposures, the results of our run-off Brandywine business, the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years, certain other run-off exposures including molestation exposures, and income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and the results of our non-insurance companies. The run-off operations do not actively sell insurance products, but are responsible for the management of existing policies and settlement of related claims. Effective July 1, 2023, Huatai Group&#8217;s non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. 

Our exposure to A&#38;E, abuse or molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when we purchased Westchester Specialty in 1998, CIGNA&#8217;s P&#38;C business in 1999, and The Chubb Corporation in 2016. The A&#38;E liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Underwriting 

Chubb is an underwriting company and we strive to emphasize quality of underwriting rather than volume of business or market share. Our underwriting strategy is to manage risk by employing consistent, disciplined pricing and risk selection. This, coupled with writing a number of less cyclical product lines, has helped us develop flexibility and stability of our business, and has allowed us to maintain a profitable book of business throughout market cycles. Clearly defined underwriting authorities, standards, and guidelines coupled with a strong underwriting audit function are in place in each of our local operations and global profit centers. Global product boards ensure consistency of approach and the establishment of best practices throughout the world. Our priority is to help ensure adherence to criteria for risk selection by maintaining high levels of experience and expertise in our underwriting staff. In addition, we employ a business review structure that helps ensure control of risk quality and appropriate use of policy limits and terms and conditions. Underwriting discipline is at the heart of our operating philosophy. 

Actuaries in each region work closely with the underwriting teams to provide additional expertise in the underwriting process. We use internal and external data together with sophisticated analytical, catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. We recognize that climate changes and weather patterns, as well as inflationary forces, are integral to our underwriting process and we continually adjust our process to address these changes. This is intended to help ensure that exposures are priced appropriately and resulting losses are contained within our risk tolerance and appetite for individual product lines, businesses, and Chubb as a whole. Our use of such tools and data also reflects an understanding of their inherent limitations and uncertainties. We also purchase protection from third parties, including, but not limited to, reinsurance as a tool to diversify risk and limit the net loss potential of catastrophes and large or unusually hazardous risks. For additional information refer to "Risk Factors" under Item 1A, &#8220;Reinsurance Protection&#8221;, below, &#8220;Catastrophe Management&#8221; and &#8220;Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program&#8221;, under Item 7, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Reinsurance Protection 

As part of our risk management strategy, we purchase reinsurance protection to mitigate our exposure to losses, including certain catastrophes, to a level consistent with our risk appetite. Although reinsurance agreements contractually obligate our reinsurers to reimburse us for an agreed-upon portion of our gross paid losses, reinsurance does not discharge our primary liability to our insureds and, thus, we ultimately remain liable for the gross direct losses. In certain countries, reinsurer selection is limited by local laws or regulations. In most countries there is more freedom of choice, and the counterparty is selected based upon its financial strength, claims settlement record, management, line of business expertise, and its price for assuming the risk transferred. In support of this process, we maintain a Chubb authorized reinsurer list that stratifies these authorized reinsurers by classes of business and acceptable limits. This list is maintained by our Reinsurance Security Committee (RSC), a committee comprising senior management personnel and a dedicated reinsurer security team. Changes to the list are authorized by the RSC and recommended to the Chair of the Risk and Underwriting Committee. The reinsurers on the authorized list and potential new markets are regularly reviewed and the list may be modified following these reviews. In addition to the authorized list, there is a formal exception process that allows authorized reinsurance buyers to use reinsurers already on the authorized list for higher limits or different lines of business, for example, or other reinsurers not on the authorized list if their use is supported by compelling business reasons for a particular reinsurance program. 

A separate policy and process exists for captive reinsurance companies. Generally, these reinsurance companies are established by our clients or our clients have an interest in them. It is generally our policy to obtain collateral equal to the expected losses that may be ceded to the captive. Where appropriate, exceptions to the collateral requirement are granted but only after senior management review. Specific collateral guidelines and an exception process are in place for the North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance, North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance, and Overseas General Insurance segments, all of which have credit management units evaluating the captive's credit quality and that of their parent company. The credit management units, working with actuaries, determine reasonable exposure estimates (collateral calculations), ensure receipt of collateral in an acceptable form, and coordinate collateral adjustments as and when needed. Financial reviews and expected loss evaluations are performed annually for active captive accounts and as needed for run-off exposures. In addition to collateral, parental guarantees are often used to enhance the credit quality of the captive. In general, we seek to place our reinsurance with highly rated companies with which we have a strong trading relationship. For additional information refer to &#8220;Catastrophe Management&#8221; and &#8220;Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program&#8221; under Item 7, and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Unpaid Losses and Loss Expenses 

We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments on reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred. These reserves are recorded in Unpaid losses and loss expenses in the Consolidated balance sheets. The process of establishing loss and loss expense reserves for P&#38;C claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances known at the date the loss is recognized. These estimates and judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methodologies are developed, or as laws change. Internal actuaries regularly analyze the levels of loss and loss expense reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate settlement value of the unpaid losses and loss expenses. These analyses could result in future changes in the estimates of loss and loss expense reserves or reinsurance recoverables and any such changes would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. The reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses represents the estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses less paid losses and loss expenses, and comprises case reserves and incurred but not reported (IBNR) reserves. With the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. The net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial. 

For each product line, management, after consultation with internal actuaries, develops a &#8220;best estimate&#8221; of the ultimate settlement value of the unpaid losses and loss expenses that it believes provides a reasonable estimate of the required reserve. We evaluate our estimates of reserves quarterly in light of developing information. While we are unable at this time to determine whether additional reserves may be necessary in the future, we believe that our reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses are adequate at December 31, 2024. Future additions to reserves, if needed, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional information refer to &#8220;Critical Accounting Estimates &#8211; Unpaid losses and loss expenses&#8221;, under Item 7, and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Future Policy Benefits 

We establish future policy benefits reserves for long-duration contracts which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A&#38;H), term and whole life, and annuity products. These life insurance contracts provide payments for various covered events such as death, disability, life annuity, policy surrender, and policy maturity. Future policy benefits reserves reflect the present value of expected future benefits to be paid less the present value of expected future net premiums, which is the portion of the gross premium used to fund expected future liabilities. Reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, include a deferred profit liability that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. Deferred profit liabilities are amortized over the duration of the underlying insured liabilities. Future policy benefits reserves are recorded in Future policy benefits in the Consolidated balance sheets. 

The process of establishing future policy benefits reserves can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty, requiring the use of informed estimates and judgments based on numerous factors including discount rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. These assumptions represent management's long-term best estimates. Internal actuaries review, at least annually, best estimate assumptions, which could result in changes to future policy benefits reserves or the associated reinsurance recoverables. Any changes are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. For additional information, refer to "Critical Accounting Estimates &#8211; Future policy benefits reserves", under Item 7, and Note 1l) and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

Policyholder Account Balances 

Policyholder account balances represent the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the balance sheet date. This liability is primarily associated with the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, less policyholder withdrawals and other charges against the account balance, as applicable. These policyholder account balances also include certain unearned revenue liabilities, primarily relating to universal life and other savings products, which represent policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. For additional information, refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Investments 

Our objective is to maximize investment income and total return while ensuring an appropriate level of liquidity, investment quality, and diversification. As such, Chubb's investment portfolio is invested primarily in investment-grade fixed-income securities as measured by the major rating agencies. We also invest in limited partnerships and investment funds. We do not allow leverage in our investment portfolio. The critical aspects of the investment process are controlled by Chubb Asset Management, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb. These aspects include asset allocation, portfolio and guideline design, risk management, and oversight of external asset managers. In this regard, Chubb Asset Management: 

&#8226; conducts formal asset allocation modeling for each of the Chubb subsidiaries, providing formal recommendations for the portfolio's structure; 

&#8226; establishes recommended investment guidelines that are appropriate to the prescribed asset allocation targets; 

&#8226; provides the analysis, evaluation, and selection of our external investment advisors; 

&#8226; establishes and develops investment-related analytics to enhance portfolio engineering and risk control; 

&#8226; monitors and aggregates the correlated risk of the overall investment portfolio; and 

&#8226; provides governance over the investment process for each of our operating companies to ensure consistency of approach and adherence to investment guidelines. 

Under our guidance and direction, external asset managers conduct security and sector selection and transaction execution. Use of multiple managers benefits Chubb in several ways &#8211; it provides us with operational and cost efficiencies, diversity of styles and approaches, innovations in investment research and credit and risk management, all of which enhance the risk-adjusted returns of our portfolios. 

Chubb Asset Management determines the investment portfolio's allowable, targeted asset allocation and ranges for each of the segments. These asset allocation targets are derived from sophisticated asset and liability modeling that measures correlated histories of returns and volatility of returns. Allowable investment classes are further refined through analysis of our operating environment including expected volatility of cash flows, potential impact on our capital position, and regulatory and rating agency considerations. 

Huatai Asset Management has over $125 billion in assets under management (AUM) in China, and is licensed to manage institutional, pension, and retail mutual fund investments. Huatai&#8217;s asset management companies manage Huatai's investments internally. In addition, over 90 percent of total AUM are managed on behalf of third-party clients. Huatai asset management companies earn management and performance fees from the management of third-party assets and also earn fees related to the origination, distribution and management of private loans on behalf of highly rated domestic institutions in China. 

The Board has established a Risk &#38; Finance Committee which helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to enterprise risk management including investment risk. Under the overall supervision of the Risk &#38; Finance Committee, Chubb's governance over investment management is rigorous and ongoing. Among its responsibilities, the Risk &#38; Finance Committee of the Board: 

&#8226; reviews and approves asset allocation targets and investment policy to ensure that it is consistent with our overall goals, strategies, and objectives; 

&#8226; reviews and approves investment guidelines to ensure that appropriate levels of portfolio liquidity, credit quality, diversification, and volatility are maintained; and 

&#8226; systematically reviews the portfolio's exposures including any potential violations of investment guidelines. 

We have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization and for individual obligors. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer. 

Within the guidelines and asset allocation parameters established by the Risk &#38; Finance Committee, individual investment committees of the segments determine tactical asset allocation. Additionally, these committees review all investment-related activity that affects their operating company, including the selection of outside investment advisors, proposed asset allocation changes, and the systematic review of investment guidelines. 

For additional information regarding the investment portfolio, including breakdowns of the sector and maturity distributions, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Regulation 

Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally, including in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia, and all U.S. Territories. Our business is subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in each of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled and on a group basis. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require among other things that these subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity, meet solvency standards, and submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition. The complex regulatory environments in which Chubb operates are subject to change and are regularly monitored. 

Group Supervision 

The Pennsylvania Insurance Department (Department) is the group-wide supervisor for the Chubb Group of Companies. In consultation with other insurance regulatory bodies that oversee Chubb's insurance activities, the Department has convened the Chubb Supervisory College (College) bi-annually since 2012, with regulator-only interim Colleges held in intervening years since 2017. The most recent College was held in October 2024. During these meetings, the College reviewed extensive information about Chubb, without material adverse comment. 

The following is an overview of regulations for our operations in Switzerland, the U.S., Bermuda, and other international locations. 

Swiss Operations 

The Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) has the discretion to supervise Chubb on a group-wide basis. However, FINMA acknowledges the Department's assumption of group supervision over us. 

Chubb Insurance (Switzerland) Limited offers property and casualty insurance to Swiss companies, A&#38;H, and personal lines insurance for individuals of Swiss companies. We also operate a reinsurance subsidiary named Chubb Reinsurance (Switzerland) Limited, which is primarily a provider of reinsurance to Chubb entities. Both companies are licensed and governed by FINMA. 

U.S. Operations 

Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by the states in which they do business. The laws of the various states establish departments of insurance with broad authority to regulate, among other things: the standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, the licensing of insurers and their producers, approval of policy forms and rates, the nature of and limitations on investments, restrictions on the size of the risks which may be insured under a single policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, requirements for the acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies, the form and content of reports of financial condition required to be filed, and the adequacy of reserves for unearned premiums, losses, and other exposures. 

Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed annual and quarterly statutory financial statements with state insurance regulators. In addition, our U.S. insurance subsidiaries' operational and financial records are subject to examination at regular intervals by state regulators. 

All states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding companies. This legislation provides that each U.S. insurance company in the insurance holding company system (system) is required to register with the insurance department of its state of domicile and furnish information concerning the operations of companies within the system that may materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of our U.S. insurers. All transactions within a system must be fair and equitable. Notice to the appropriate insurance departments is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the ownership or control of an insurer and of certain material transactions between an insurer and an entity in its system. In addition, certain transactions may not be consummated without the prior approval of one or more such insurance departments. 

We are also required to file annually with our domiciliary state insurance regulators an enterprise risk report that identifies material risks within our system that could pose enterprise risk to our U.S. insurers, a disclosure report that identifies our corporate governance practices, a report reflecting our internal assessment of material risks associated with our current business plan and the sufficiency of our capital resources to support those risks, and a group capital calculation report that provides a baseline quantitative measure for group risks. 

Statutory surplus is an important measure used by the regulators and rating agencies to assess our U.S. insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay claims, support business operations, and provide dividend capacity. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions that limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval from regulatory authorities. These restrictions differ by state, but are generally based on calculations incorporating statutory surplus, statutory net income, and/or investment income. 

The National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has promulgated a recommended risk-based capital requirement for P&#38;C insurance companies. This risk-based capital formula is used by many state regulatory authorities to identify insurance companies that may be undercapitalized and which merit further regulatory attention. These requirements are designed to monitor capital adequacy using a formula that prescribes a series of risk measurements to determine a minimum capital amount for an insurance company, based on the profile of the individual company. The ratio of a company's adjusted policyholder surplus to its minimum capital requirement will determine whether state regulatory action is required. There are progressive risk-based capital failure levels that trigger more stringent and intrusive regulatory action. If an insurer's policyholders' surplus falls below the Mandatory Control Level (70 percent of the Authorized Control Level, as defined by the NAIC), the relevant insurance commissioner is required to place the insurer under regulatory control. 

However, an insurance regulator may allow a P&#38;C company operating below the Mandatory Control Level that is writing no business and is running off its existing business to continue its run-off. Brandywine is running off its liabilities consistent with the terms of an order issued by the Insurance Commissioner of Pennsylvania. This includes periodic reporting obligations to the Department. 

Government intervention continues in the insurance and reinsurance markets in relation to terrorism coverage in the U.S. (and through industry initiatives in other countries). The U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA), which was enacted in 2002 to ensure the availability of insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts in the U.S., has been extended under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA) through December 31, 2027, and applies to certain of our operations. 

From time to time, Chubb and its subsidiaries and affiliates receive inquiries from state agencies and attorneys general, with which we generally comply, seeking information concerning business practices, such as underwriting, claims handling, loss 

experience, and insurance availability. Moreover, many recent factors, such as consequences of and reactions to industry and economic conditions and focus on domestic issues, have contributed to the potential for change in the legal and regulatory framework applicable to Chubb's U.S. operations and businesses. We cannot assure that changes in laws, regulations, or investigative or enforcement activities in the various states in the U.S. will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or business practices. 

We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity, and the requirements are extensive and detailed. Numerous states require us to certify our compliance with their data protection laws. 

We are subject to the New York Department of Financial Services&#8217; (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards and other obligations for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the NYDFS to operate in New York. Among the requirements are the maintenance of a cybersecurity program with governance controls, risk-based minimum data security standards for technology systems, cyber breach preparedness and response requirements, including reporting obligations, vendor oversight, training, program record keeping, audit and risk assessment requirements, and certification obligations. Because our North America systems are integrated, our companies domiciled in other states may also be impacted by this regulation. 

Additionally, the NAIC adopted an Insurance Data Security Model Law, which requires licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. The NAIC model law is similar in many respects to the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation. 

The NAIC has also adopted a Model Bulletin on the Use of Artificial Intelligence Systems by Insurers. This is intended to be a template for state regulators to use when issuing guidance about AI governance, risk management controls, internal audit functions, and third-party systems. The Model Bulletin also advises insurers of the information and documentation that insurance regulators may request during exams and investigation of insurers' AI systems, including third-party AI systems. This bulletin has been adopted by nineteen (19) state insurance departments, with four additional state insurance departments having announced a draft version of the bulletin or their intention to adopt the bulletin, and this in turn will impact our use of artificial intelligence tools in our business operations. 

Bermuda Operations 

The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations, as amended (the Insurance Act), regulates the insurance business of our Bermuda domiciled (re)insurance subsidiaries (Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries) and provides that no person may carry on any insurance business in or from within Bermuda unless registered as an insurer by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA). The Insurance Act imposes solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements on Bermuda insurance companies and grants the BMA powers to supervise, investigate, and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. 

Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries must prepare and file with the BMA, audited annual statutory financial statements and audited annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), or any such other generally accepted accounting principles as the BMA may recognize. The U.S. GAAP audited financial statements are made public by the BMA. The Insurance Act prescribes rules for the preparation and content of the statutory financial statements that require Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries to give detailed information and analyses regarding premiums, claims, reinsurance, and investments. In addition, each year, the Bermuda domiciled insurers are required to file with the BMA a capital and solvency return along with an annual statutory financial return. The prescribed form of capital and solvency return comprises the BMA&#8217;s risk-based capital model, termed the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement (BSCR) or an approved internal capital model in lieu thereof; a statutory economic balance sheet; the approved actuary&#8217;s opinion; and several prescribed schedules. The BSCR is a tool to assist the BMA both in measuring risk and in determining appropriate levels of capitalization. The BSCR employs a standard mathematical model that correlates the risk underwritten by Bermuda insurers to their capital. The BSCR framework applies a standard measurement format to the risk associated with an insurer's assets, liabilities, and premiums, including a formula to take into account catastrophe risk exposure. 

The BMA established risk-based regulatory capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements for Bermuda insurers that mandate that a Bermuda domiciled subsidiary&#8217;s Enhanced Capital Requirement (ECR) be calculated by either (a) BSCR, or (b) an internal capital model which the BMA has approved for use for this purpose. The Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries use the BSCR in calculating their solvency requirements. Bermuda statutory reporting rules include an Economic Balance Sheet (EBS) framework. The EBS framework is embedded as part of the BSCR and forms the basis of our ECR. 

In order to minimize the risk of a shortfall in capital arising from an unexpected adverse deviation the BMA has established a threshold capital level, (termed the Target Capital Level (TCL)), set at 120 percent of ECR, that serves as an early warning tool for the BMA. Failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the TCL would likely result in increased BMA regulatory oversight. 

Under the BMA&#8217;s powers to set standards on public disclosure under the Insurance Act, the Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries are required to prepare and publish a Financial Condition Report (FCR). The FCR provides details of measures governing the business operations, corporate governance framework, solvency and financial performance. The FCR must be filed with the BMA and requires Bermuda insurance companies to make the FCR publicly available. 

Under the Insurance Act, Chubb's Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries are prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends of more than 25 percent of total statutory capital and surplus, as shown in its previous financial year statutory balance sheet, unless at least seven days before payment of the dividends, it files with the BMA an affidavit signed by at least two directors of the relevant Bermuda domiciled subsidiary (one of whom must be a director resident in Bermuda) and by the relevant Bermuda domiciled subsidiary&#8217;s principal representative, that it will continue to meet its required solvency margins. Furthermore, Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries may only declare and pay a dividend from retained earnings and a dividend or distribution from contributed surplus if it has no reasona ble grounds for believing that it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due, or if the realizable value of its assets would be less than the aggregate of its liabilities. 

In addition, Chubb's Bermuda domiciled subsidiaries must obtain the BMA's prior approval before reducing total statutory capital, as shown in its previous financial year's financial statements, by 15 percent or more. 

Other International Operations 

The extent of insurance regulation varies significantly among the countries in which non-U.S. Chubb operations conduct business. While each country imposes licensing, solvency, auditing, and financial reporting requirements, such as the International Accounting Standard Board&#8217;s accounting standard for insurance contracts (IFRS 17), the type and extent of the requirements differ substantially. For example: 

&#8226; in some countries, insurers are required to prepare and file monthly and/or quarterly financial reports, and in others, only annual reports; 

&#8226; some regulators require intermediaries to be involved in the sale of insurance products, whereas other regulators permit direct sales contact between the insurer and the customer; 

&#8226; the extent of restrictions imposed upon an insurer's use of local and offshore reinsurance vary; 

&#8226; policy form filing and rate regulation vary by country; 

&#8226; the frequency of contact and periodic on-site examinations by insurance authorities diff ers by country; and 

&#8226; regulatory requirements relating to insurer dividend policies vary by country. 

Significant variations can also be found in the size, structure, and resources of the local regulatory departments that oversee insurance activities. Certain regulators prefer close relationships with all subject insurers and others operate a risk-based approach. 

Chubb operates in some countries through subsidiaries and in some countries through branches of subsidiaries. Local capital requirements applicable to a subsidiary generally include its branches. Certain Chubb companies are jointly owned with local companies to comply with legal requirements for local ownership. Other legal requirements include discretionary licensing procedures, compulsory cessions of reinsurance, local retention of funds and records, data privacy and protection program requirements such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and foreign exchange controls. Chubb's international companies are also subject to multinational application of certain U.S. laws. 

There are various regulatory bodies and initiatives that impact Chubb in multiple international jurisdictions and the potential for significant impact on Chubb could be heightened as a result of recent industry and economic developments. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Enterprise Risk Management 

As an insurer, Chubb is in the business of profitably managing risk for its customers. Since risk management must permeate an organization conducting a global insurance business, we have an established Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, 

which encompasses climate risk, that is integrated into management of our businesses and is led by Chubb's senior management. As a result, ERM is a part of the day-to-day management of Chubb and its operations. 

Our global ERM framework is broadly multi-disciplinary and its strategic objectives include: 

&#8226; External Risks : identify, analyze, quantify, and where possible, mitigate significant external risks that could materially hamper the financial condition of Chubb and/or the achievement of corporate business objectives over the next 36 months; 

&#8226; Exposure Accumulations : identify and quantify the accumulation of exposure to individual counterparties, products or industry sectors , particularly those that materially extend across or correlate between business units or divisions and/or the balance sheet; 

&#8226; Risk Modeling : develop and use various data-sets, advanced analytics, metrics and processes (such as probabilistic exposure and economic capital models to assess aggregation risk from natural and other catastrophes) that help business and corporate leaders make informed underwriting, portfolio management, and risk management decisions within a consistent risk/reward framework; 

&#8226; Governance : 

&#8226; establish and coordinate risk guidelines that reflect the corporate appetite for risk; 

&#8226; monitor exposure accumulations relative to established guidelines; and 

&#8226; ensure effective internal risk management communication up to management and the Board (including our Risk &#38; Finance Committee), down to the various business units and legal entities, and across the firm; and 

&#8226; Disclosure : develop protocols and processes for risk-related disclosure internally as well as externally to rating agencies, regulators, shareholders and analysts. 

Chubb Group's Risk and Underwriting Committee (RUC) reports to and assists the Chief Executive Officer in the oversight and review of the ERM framework which covers the processes and guidelines used to manage the entire landscape of insurance, financial, strategic, and operational risks. The RUC is chaired by Chubb Group&#8217;s Chief Risk Officer (Chair). The RUC meets at least twice a quarter, and comprises Chubb Group's most senior executives which, in addition to the Chair, includes the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Actuary, Chief Claims Officer, Chief Digital Business Officer, General Counsel, Executive Chairman &#8211; North America Insurance, President &#8211; North America Insurance, President &#8211; Overseas General Insurance, and Chief Underwriting Officer. 

The RUC is assisted in its activities by Chubb's Enterprise Risk Unit (ERU) and Product Boards. The ERU is responsible for the collation and analysis of risk insight in two key areas. The first relates to external information that provides insight to the RUC on existing or emerging risks that might significantly impact Chubb's key objectives while the second involves internal risk aggregations arising from Chubb's business writings and other activities such as investments and operations. The ERU is independent of the operating units and reports to our Chief Risk Officer. The Product Boards exist to provide oversight for products that we offer globally. A Product Board currently exists for each of Chubb's major product areas. Each Product Board is responsible for ensuring consistency in underwriting and pricing standards, identification of emerging issues, and guidelines for relevant accumulations. 

Chubb's Chief Risk Officer also reports to the Board's Risk &#38; Finance Committee, which helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to ERM. The role of the Risk &#38; Finance Committee includes evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of our ERM procedures, systems, and information; governance on major policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization; and assessment of our major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks. The Audit Committee meets with the Risk &#38; Finance Committee at least annually in order to exercise its duties under New York Stock Exchange Rules. 

Others within the overall ERM structure contribute toward accomplishing Chubb's ERM objectives, including regional management, Corporate Underwriting, Internal Audit, Compliance, external consultants, and managers of our internal control processes and procedures. 

Chubb has a comprehensive, coordinated global sustainability program that is embedded in all areas of the organization, and its activities and performance are reported to the executive team. The senior executive responsible for overseeing the global sustainability program is the Global Climate Officer (GCO). The GCO reports to both the CEO, who approves the goals and objectives of the sustainability program, and Chubb's General Counsel. The GCO has executive management responsibility for Chubb's climate-related strategies, including business and policy initiatives and coordination with the Chief Risk Officer and Chief Underwriting Officer regarding the execution of related underwriting and portfolio management processes. 

The potential impacts of climate change on the insurance industry, including Chubb, are complex, myriad and will develop over a multi-year time horizon. These risks primarily include physical risks, transition risks and liability risks. Physical risks arise from direct weather&#8211;related events, such as floods, storms and wildfire and these risks may increase insurance claims. 

Our insurance contracts are typically renewable annually. Consequently, we can respond to changes as needed by adjusting our pricing or by restricting our exposure. 

As described in "Catastrophe Management" under Item 7, Chubb uses catastrophe models to quantify natural catastrophe risk for product pricing and portfolio management purposes. Based on science and our own experience to date, we have conducted extensive work to understand the potential impact of climate change on our risk profile. These findings actively inform our underwriting risk appetite for property-related exposures for wild-fire, where we have significantly reduced our business in certain western states, and other perils such as flood and hurricane. 

Chubb regularly applies exclusions as part of its underwriting process, which depend on the specific conditions and circumstances of the risk being evaluated. Those exclusions may reflect risk-based environmental and climate-related considerations, such as restricted participation in certain industries, including mining and reclamation operations, oil refining, pipeline and related distribution operations, and chemical manufacturing and distribution. Chubb adopted a policy limiting underwriting in companies involved in thermal coal and projects involving direct mining or in-situ extraction and processing of bitumen from oil sands. Chubb also introduced underwriting criteria for oil and gas extraction and midstream projects which require reduction of methane emissions and is supporting clients with Chubb&#8217;s Methane Resource Hub which offers clients information and insights for measuring and mitigating methane emissions. We also introduced underwriting criteria for cement manufacturing, with the expectation that insureds source at least 30 percent of their kiln heat capacity from fuel sources that are not coal or petcoke. Additionally, we continue to assess our investment in carbon&#8211;intensive industries and plans for transitioning to a lower&#8211;carbon economy. As part of this assessment, Chubb has pledged to not make new debt or equity investments in companies that generate more than 30 percent of revenues from thermal coal mining or energy production from coal. Chubb closely follows emerging trends in climate litigation to assess potential risks to additional insurance products. 

Chubb mitigates exposure to climate change risk by ceding catastrophe risk in our insurance portfolio through both reinsurance and capital markets, and our investment portfolio through the diversification of risk, industry, location, type, and duration of security. Asset concentrations are actively managed in hurricane-and flood-exposed areas, and our investment portfolio is relatively short in duration. 

Chubb supports industries involved in mitigating climate risk through our global climate business unit, Chubb Climate+, which offers solutions to Clean Tech companies and the renewable energy sector. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Tax Matters 

Refer to &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221;, under Item 1A and Note 1 t) and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Information about our Executive Officers 

The following sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2025: 

##TABLE_START Name Age Position Evan G. Greenberg 70 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Timothy A. Boroughs 75 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Peter C. Enns 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bryce L. Johns 49 Senior Vice President; President, Chubb Life John W. Keogh 60 President and Chief Operating Officer John J. Lupica 59 Vice Chairman; Executive Chairman, North America Insurance Paul McNamee 49 Executive Vice President; President, Overseas General Insurance Frances D. O'Brien 66 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Juan Luis Ortega 50 Executive Vice President; President, North America Insurance Joseph F. Wayland 67 Executive Vice President and General Counsel ##TABLE_END

Evan G. Greenberg has been a director of Chubb Limited since August 2002. Mr. Greenberg was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2007. Mr. Greenberg was appointed to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Limited in May 2004, and in June 2003, was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Chubb Limited. Mr. Greenberg was appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Overseas General in April 2002. He joined Chubb as Vice Chairman, Chubb Limited, and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Tempest Re in November 2001. Prior to joining Chubb, Mr. Greenberg was President and Chief Operating Officer of American International Group (AIG), a position he held from 1997 until 2000. 

Timothy A. Boroughs was appointed Chief Investment Officer of Chubb Group in 2000 and Executive Vice President in 2014. Prior to joining Chubb, Mr. Boroughs was Director of Fixed Income at Tudor Investment Corporation from 1997 to 2000, and Managing Partner and Director of Global Leveraged Investment Activity at Fischer Francis Trees &#38; Watts from 1976 to 1997. 

Peter C. Enns was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chubb Limited in July 2021. Mr. Enns, who joined Chubb in April 2021 as Executive Vice President, Finance, has more than 30 years of finance and investment banking experience. Before joining Chubb, Mr. Enns held several management positions at HSBC from 2018 to 2020, including Global Head of Financial Institutions Group, Global Co-Head of Corporate Finance Coverage, and Global Co-Head of Investment Banking Coverage. Prior to HSBC, Mr. Enns held several senior positions through 2017 during a more than 20-year career at Goldman Sachs, including Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs Canada, Head of the Asia Financial Institutions Group, and Partner of the U.S. Financial Institutions Group. 

Bryce L. Johns was appointed Senior Vice President, Chubb Group and President, Chubb Life in April 2022. Mr. Johns has more than 25 years of experience in insurance, wealth management and capital management. Mr. Johns previously served as Group General Manager and Global CEO of HSBC Life and Insurance Partnerships from August 2016 to December 2021, where he was responsible for HSBC Life's 10 businesses across Asia, Europe and Latin America, and the group's strategic insurance distribution partnerships globally. Prior to joining HSBC in 2016, Mr. Johns led bancassurance for Citigroup globally and held a leadership role for regional branch distribution in Asia. Earlier in his career, Mr. Johns held leadership roles at Manulife Asia in Hong Kong and at Old Mutual Group in South Africa, India and the U.K. 

John W. Keogh was appointed President of Chubb in December 2020, and has served as Chief Operating Officer since July 2011. Mr. Keogh was appointed Vice Chairman of Chubb Limited in 2010 and Executive Vice Chairman in 2015. Mr. Keogh joined Chubb in 2006 as Chairman, Insurance &#8211; Overseas General. Before joining Chubb, Mr. Keogh held a range of positions with increasing responsibility during a 20-year career with AIG, including Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance, and President and Chief Executive Officer of National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, an AIG member company. He began his insurance career as an underwriter with AIG in 1986. 

John J. Lupica was appointed Executive Chairman, North America Insurance in July 2024, and has served as Vice Chairman of Chubb since November 2013. Prior to his current role, Mr. Lupica served as President, North America Insurance from September 2020 to July 2024. Mr. Lupica previously served in several other senior management positions since joining Chubb in 2000, including President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance; Chairman, Insurance - North America; Chief Operating Officer, Insurance - North America; President of ACE USA; Division President of U.S. Professional Risk business and U.S. Regional Operations; and Executive Vice President of Professional Risk. Prior to joining Chubb, he served as Senior Vice President for Munich-American Risk Partners, Inc. He also held various management positions at AIG. 

Paul McNamee was appointed Executive Vice President, Chubb Group and President, Overseas General Insurance in July 2024. Mr. McNamee previously served as Senior Vice President, Chubb Group and Regional President of Asia Pacific from July 2016 to July 2024. Mr. McNamee has also held several other senior roles since joining Chubb in 1995, including Deputy Regional President and Executive Vice President, Commercial Property &#38; Casualty, Asia Pacific from 2013 to 2016, President of Chubb&#8217;s North America Property &#38; Specialty Lines from 2009 to 2013, and prior to that as Head of Property and Technical Lines for Asia Pacific, Chief Operating Officer for Chubb&#8217;s business in Hong Kong, and Executive Vice President and head of Chubb&#8217;s international property &#38; technical lines business. 

Frances D. O'Brien was appointed Executive Vice President, Chubb Group and Chief Risk Officer of Chubb Limited in April 2023. Ms. O'Brien has more than 40 years of insurance industry experience. Before her current role, Ms. O'Brien served as Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Risk Officer from January 2022 to March 2023, and from 2016 to 2021 was Division President, North America Personal Risk Services. Ms. O'Brien served as Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of The Chubb Corporation at the time of its acquisition by Chubb Limited in 2016, and prior to that served in a number of positions at The Chubb Corporation of increasing responsibility in actuarial, product development and underwriting, including Chubb Personal Insurance (CPI) Chief Underwriting Officer, CPI Chief Underwriting Officer for International Business, and CPI Worldwide Underwriting Manager. 

Juan Luis Ortega was appointed President, North America Insurance in July 2024 and has served as an Executive Vice President, Chubb Group since August 2019. Prior to his current role, Mr. Ortega served as President, Overseas General Insurance from August 2019 to July 2024. Mr. Ortega has also served as Senior Vice President, Chubb Group and Regional President of Latin America from 2016 to July 2019, and Regional President of Chubb&#8217;s Asia Pacific operations from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Ortega had also held several senior roles since joining Chubb in 1999, including Senior Vice President, Accident &#38; Health, for the Asia Pacific region from 2011 to 2013 and Senior Vice President and Regional Head of Accident &#38; Health for the Latin America region from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Ortega joined Chubb in 1999 and advanced through a series of accident and health and credit insurance management positions in Miami, Puerto Rico and Mexico, before being named Country President of Chile in 2005. 

Joseph F. Wayland was appointed Executive Vice President of Chubb Limited in January 2016, and General Counsel and Secretary of Chubb Limited in July 2013. Mr. Wayland joined Chubb from the law firm of Simpson Thacher &#38; Bartlett LLP, where he was a partner since 1994. From 2010 to 2012, he served in the United States Department of Justice, first as Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the Antitrust Division, and was later appointed as the Acting Assistant Attorney General in charge of that division. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END



Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:
 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and comparisons between 2024 and 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes, under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Comparisons between 2023 and 2022 have been omitted from this Form 10-K, but can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

All comparisons in this discussion are to the prior year unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ. 

##TABLE_START MD&#38;A Index Page 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Overview 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Consolidated Operating Results 

Segment Operating Results 

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) 

Non-GAAP Reconciliation 

Net Investment Income 

Interest Expense 

Amortization of Purchased Intangibles and Other Amortization 

Investments 

Asbestos and Environmental (A&#38;E) 

Catastrophe Management 

Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program 

Political Risk and Credit Insurance 

Crop Insurance 

Liquidity 

Capital Resources 

Ratings 

Information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries 

Credit Facilities 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Forward-Looking Statements 

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; for forward-looking statements. Any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the SEC, include but are not limited to: 

&#8226; actual amount of new and renewal business, premium rates, underwriting margins, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets; the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections, and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete; 

&#8226; losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes; actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments; the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments; 

&#8226; changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers; material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements; the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance; 

&#8226; uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties; judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms; the effects of data privacy or cyber laws or regulation; global political conditions and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events; 

&#8226; the impact of changes in tax laws, guidance and interpretations, such as the implementation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development international tax framework, or the increasing number of challenges from tax authorities in the current global tax environment; 

&#8226; severity of pandemics and related risks, and their effects on our business operations and claims activity, and any adverse impact to our insureds, brokers, agents, and employees; actual claims may exceed our best estimate of ultimate insurance losses incurred which could change including as a result of, among other things, the impact of legislative or regulatory actions taken in response to a pandemic; 

&#8226; developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets; increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry; the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; changing rates of inflation; and other general economic and business conditions, including the depth and duration of potential recession; 

&#8226; the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities; the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs; and the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries; 

&#8226; changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available-for-sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery; 

&#8226; actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent; 

&#8226; the effects of public company bankruptcies and accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues; 

&#8226; acquisitions made performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, and risks and uncertainties relating to our planned purchases of additional interests in Huatai Insurance Group Co., Ltd; 

&#8226; risks associated with being a Swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens; share repurchase plans and share cancellations; 

&#8226; loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame; 

&#8226; the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to Chubb or its customers or partners; the ability of our company to increase use of data analytics and technology as part of our business strategy and adapt to new technologies; and 

&#8226; management&#8217;s response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above). 

The words &#8220;believe,&#8221; &#8220;anticipate,&#8221; &#8220;estimate,&#8221; &#8220;project,&#8221; &#8220;should,&#8221; &#8220;plan,&#8221; &#8220;expect,&#8221; &#8220;intend,&#8221; &#8220;hope,&#8221; &#8220;feel,&#8221; &#8220;foresee,&#8221; &#8220;will likely result,&#8221; &#8220;will continue, &#8221; and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates such statements were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Overview 

We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance, North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. For more information on our segments refer to &#8220;Segment Information&#8221; under Item 1. 

We have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for our most recent acquisitions. 

Our product and geographic diversification differentiate us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. Our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. By doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets. 

We are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. Profit centers can access various legal entities subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. Profit centers are expected to generate P&#38;C underwriting income, life segment income, and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. We are focused on delivering P&#38;C underwriting profit and life segment income by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept. 

We generate gross revenues from three principal sources: P&#38;C income, Life income, and investment income. Cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. Invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. Claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. The value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. The actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. We believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. Refer to &#8220;Liquidity&#8221; and &#8220;Capital Resources&#8221; for additional information. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. While we believe that the amounts included in our Consolidated Financial Statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. We believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are: 

&#8226; unpaid loss and loss expense reserves, including long-tail asbestos and environmental (A&#38;E) reserves and non-A&#38;E casualty exposures; 

&#8226; future policy benefits reserves; 

&#8226; the valuation of value of business acquired (VOBA); 

&#8226; the assessment of risk transfer for certain structured insurance and reinsurance contracts; 

&#8226; reinsurance reco verable, including a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance; 

&#8226; the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of valuation allowance for expected credit losses; 

&#8226; the valuation of deferred income taxes; and 

&#8226; the assessment of goodwill for impairment. 

We believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: Prior Period Development, Asbestos and Environmental (A&#38;E), Reinsurance Recoverable on Ceded Reinsur ance, Investments, and Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses). 

Unpaid losses and loss expenses 

As an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and U.S. GAAP to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. With the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. The net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial. 

The following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses: 

##TABLE_START December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Gross Losses Reinsurance Recoverable (1) 

Net Losses Gross Losses Reinsurance Recoverable (1) 

Net Losses Balance, beginning of year $ 80,122 &#160; $ 17,884 &#160; $ 62,238 &#160; $ 75,747 $ 17,086 $ 58,661 Losses and loss expenses incurred 32,534 &#160; 6,512 &#160; 26,022 &#160; 31,346 7,246 24,100 Losses and loss expenses paid (27,970) (6,467) (21,503) (27,802) (6,791) (21,011) Other (including foreign exchange translation) (682) (195) (487) &#8212; (83) 83 Consolidation of Huatai &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 831 426 405 Balance, end of year $ 84,004 &#160; $ 17,734 &#160; $ 66,270 &#160; $ 80,122 $ 17,884 $ 62,238 ##TABLE_END

(1) Net of valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. 

The estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (IBNR) at the balance sheet date. IBNR may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. Loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). Our loss reserves comprise approximately 77 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required. 

The process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured losses 

known at the date of accrual. For example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. The effects of inflation create additional uncertainty, while climate change could, over time, add new uncertainties to the loss reserving process. 

Necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. Hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. Changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results adversely if our estimates increase or favorably if our estimates decrease. The potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. Reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for IBNR. 

Case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date and where we have sufficient information are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. Furthermore, for our Brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, Global Reinsurance, we may adjust the case reserves as notified by the ceding company if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant. 

With respect to IBNR reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of IBNR. IBNR reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. The judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, lo ss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks, as appropriate. The estimate of the required IBNR reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. Among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties. 

Determining management's best estimate 

Our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date, and establishing them involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. For information on our reserving process, refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Sensitivity to underlying assumptions 

While we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at December 31, 2024, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. As noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. Therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. In the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. We consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption. 

North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance - Workers' Compensation 

Given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percentage point change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $1.1 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 10.9 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $10.2 billion. 

North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance &#8211; Liability 

As is the case for Workers&#8217; Compensation above, given the long reporting and paid development patterns, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could 

be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, for our main U.S. Excess/Umbrella portfolios, a five percentage point change in the tail factor (e.g., 1.10 changed to either 1.15 or 1.05) would cause a change of approximately $0.8 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 18 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.3 billion for these portfolios. 

The reserve portfolio for our Chubb Bermuda operations contains exposure to high excess liability, D&#38;O and other professional liability coverage (typically with attachment points in excess of $100 million and gross limits of up to $150 million). Due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. As a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where significant limits were deployed. 

North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance 

Due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in Personal Lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence. As shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (over 90 percent) of Personal Lines net ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and almost 80 percent within two years. Even though there are significant reserves associated with some liability exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a roughly consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty-four months of maturity. While the liability exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the Personal Lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events. 

North America Agricultural Insurance 

Approximately 58 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. Claim reserves for our Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. The majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates and the time needed for final crop conditions to be assessed. We do not view our Agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical P&#38;C reserve estimates. 

Overseas General Insurance 

Certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and financial lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. Heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world can increase the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. Our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. For example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and financial lines for accident years 2022 and prior by approximately $500 million. This represents an impact of 10.1 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.9 billion. 

Global Reinsurance 

At December 31, 2024, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.9 billion, consisting of $756 million of case reserves and $1,112 million of IBNR. In comparison, at December 31, 2023, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.7 billion, consisting of $744 million of case reserves and $909 million of IBNR. 

For our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. Our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves. 

For our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. Due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. These include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 

&#8226; The reported claims information could be inaccurate; 

&#8226; Typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. The use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. Because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. The reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. Therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and 

&#8226; The historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. Further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. In such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources. 

We mitigate the above risks in several ways. In addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. As appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. We also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses. If pricing a renewal contract, we compare data in the renewal submission to our financial data and investigate any discrepancies. 

On occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies. This is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves. For IBNR, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss. We estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring). At December 31, 2024, the case reserves, net of retrocessions, reported to us by our ceding companies approximated our recorded case reserves. Our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant. 

Typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take decades to fully develop. This uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low statistical credibility of the data. The underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. For example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for U.S. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported Bornhuetter-Ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $184 million. This represents an impact of 20 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $935 million. 

Corporate 

Within Corporate, we have exposure to certain liability insurance and reinsurance lines that have been in run-off, generally, since 1994. Unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off business reside within the Brandywine Division. Most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off business relate to A&#38;E as well as molestation claims. 

The A&#38;E liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. The estimation of our A&#38;E liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. We have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our A&#38;E liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and IBNR claims. 

There are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. We believe the most significant variables relating to our asbestos liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. Based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense. 

The results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants. 

Chubb's exposure to molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when it purchased CIGNA's P&#38;C business in 1999 and Chubb Corp in 2016. The vast majority of the current liability relates to exposure from recently enacted "reviver" legislation in certain states that allow civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. 

For additional information refer to the &#8220;Asbestos and Environmental (A&#38;E)&#8221; section and to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Future policy benefits 

Chubb issues contracts that are classified as long-duration, which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A&#38;H) products; term, credit, and whole life products (both participating and non-participating); endowment products; and annuities. Accordingly, Chubb establishes a liability for future policy benefits (FPBL) which comprises the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid along with certain related expenses, less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected. For traditional and limited-payment life insurance contracts, the FPBL is established using a net premium valuation methodology, such that expected policyholder benefit payments are accrued in proportion to premium revenue recognized. Under the net premium methodology, a net premium ratio (NPR) is calculated which requires assumptions on the future cash flow impact of numerous factors including mortality, morbidity, persistency, policyholder behavior, discount rates, and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. We have elected to use unpaid loss adjustment expense assumptions that are locked in at contract inception and are not subsequently reviewed or updated. Except for these expenses, assumptions are regularly reviewed. 

Determining management&#8217;s best estimates 

For traditional and limited-payment long-duration contracts, actuarial assumptions on mortality, morbidity, persistency, and policyholder behavior represent management&#8217;s long-term best estimates. These best estimate assumptions are generally based on our experience, industry experience, or other factors if there is not sufficient credibility. In establishing best estimate assumptions, we take into consideration the prospective impact of experience deterioration, product changes, distribution changes, and other relevant environmental changes which could result in differences from historically observed experience. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short term and, to the extent trends may change, we expect the change to be gradual over the long term. Best estimate assumptions are reviewed and updated at least annually, and may be updated in interim periods if we observe a material change indicative of a long-term trend. Changes to best estimate assumptions impact expected future cash flows and result in a remeasurement of the FPBL. The FPBL is also remeasured to account for differences between expected and actual experience on mortality, morbidity, and persistency. All such remeasurements are reflected in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations in the period in which best estimate assumptions were updated. 

The discount rates used to calculate the net premium ratio are locked in at policy inception, and serve as the basis to recognize interest expense for the life of the policy. Discount rates used to measure the carrying value of the FPBL are updated quarterly, and the differences between the liability balances calculated using the locked-in discount rates and the updated discount rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income (OCI). The discount rate methodology is designed to prioritize observable inputs based on market data available in the local debt markets where the respective policies were issued in the currency in which the policies are denominated. For the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the single-A debt market is not liquid or there is little or no observable market data, we use various estimation techniques, which include, but are not limited to: (i) for tenors 

where there is less observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments, estimating tenor-specific single-A credit spreads and applying them to risk-free government rates; (ii) for tenors where there is very limited or no observable single-A or similar market data, interpolation and extrapolation techniques. 

Deferred profit liabilities 

Reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, also include a deferred profit liability (DPL) that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. The amortization of DPL is included in Policy benefits on the Consolidated statements of operations, and is in relation to either the discounted amount of insurance in force for life insurance, or expected benefit payments for annuity contracts. The DPL is subject to the same best estimate assumptions used to determine future policy benefits reserves, however, there is no remeasurement of the DPL using then-current discount rates. 

Sensitivities to underlying assumptions 

While we believe that our future policy benefits reserves of $16.1 billion are appropriate at December 31, 2024, new information or emerging trends that impact best estimate assumptions may have a material effect on the FPBL and future operating results. 

In the table below, we give an indication of the potential impact on operating results from a hypothetical change in a single assumption; we do not consider a simultaneous change in a combination of assumptions. Additionally, the table assumes a parallel global shift in best estimate assumptions; however, these may be non-parallel in practice. While we consider each of the following assumption changes to represent a reasonably likely deviation, actual development may be materially different. Further, changes in best estimate assumptions could result in impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements that are in excess of the amounts illustrated. 

The following table shows the increase or (decrease) of the FPBL as a result of changes in various best estimate assumptions: 

##TABLE_START Liability for Future Policy Benefits Life Insurance &#160;(in millions of U.S. dollars) Term Life Whole Life A&#38;H Other Total Discount rate &#160;+100 basis points (increase)/decrease in OCI $ (33) $ (2,030) $ (345) $ (82) $ (2,490) &#160;- 100 basis points (increase)/decrease in OCI 33 2,030 345 82 2,490 Mortality +10% (increase)/decrease in net income 23 46 &#8212; &#8212; 69 

&#160;- 10% 

(increase)/decrease in net income (22) (49) 1 &#8212; (70) Morbidity +10% (increase)/decrease in net income 3 28 261 &#8212; 292 

&#160;- 10% 

(increase)/decrease in net income (3) (29) (255) &#8212; (287) Persistency +10% (increase)/decrease in net income (7) (16) (21) (2) (46) 

&#160;- 10% 

(increase)/decrease in net income 7 17 21 2 47 ##TABLE_END

Valuation of value of business acquired (VOBA) and amortization of VOBA 

As part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to VOBA, which represents the estimated fair value of the future profits of in-force long duration contracts. The valuation of VOBA at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves, including mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment yields, expenses, and the discount rate. The most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. We amortize VOBA as a component of Policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated statements of operations in relation to the profit emergence of the underlying contracts, which is generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used at the time of the acquisition. 

At least annually, we perform a VOBA asset recoverability review using a premium deficiency test to ensure that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. If we determine that the premium margins or gross 

profits are less than the unamortized balance, then the asset will be adjusted downward with the adjustment recorded as an expense in the current period. Unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified. 

Risk transfer 

In the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. We discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. If risk transfer requirements are not met, deposit accounting applies, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. We also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. Contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment. 

Reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. For such contracts, often referred to as structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. To support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible. We use various tests to accomplish this, one of which is the ratio of the net present value of losses and commissions divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent with at least a 10 percent probability. For purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. In addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss. 

To ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. We have established protocols for all products that include criteria triggering a risk transfer review of the contract prior to binding. If any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global Structured Transaction Review Committee. 

With respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. These contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. Because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. All of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. In addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the National Indemnity Company (NICO) contracts referred to in the section entitled, &#8220;Asbestos and Environmental (A&#38;E)&#8221;. We have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999. 

With respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. Although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. Because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. For certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured. 

Reinsurance recoverable 

Reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. The valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. Ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. Consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. We determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts. 

The recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. The first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. Ceded IBNR, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross IBNR (refer to &#8220;Critical Accounting Estimates &#8211; Unpaid losses and loss expenses&#8221;). The second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. Estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a valuation allowance that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. Changes in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income. 

Although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. The majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. Over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us. 

To estimate the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. This determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. As part of the process, ceded IBNR is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded IBNR is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. The allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. If actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. While such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded. 

Generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. The primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and forward looking default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. The definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a Chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. We do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. However, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. The determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. Default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. Significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 

&#8226; For reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. In 2024, the published historical default factors by rating class were updated and at December 31, 2024, default factors applied for financial ratings of AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B, and CCC, are 0.4 percent, 1.1 percent, 1.5 percent, 3.1 percent, 7.3 percent, 11.2 percent, and 52.8 percent, respectively. Because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. However, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied; 

&#8226; For balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. We then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. For balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 11.2 percent; 

&#8226; For balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding 

each company. Upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. When regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. When sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and 

&#8226; For captives and other recoverables, management determines the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance based on the specific facts and circumstances. 

The following table summarizes reinsurance recoverables and the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance for each type of recoverable balance at December 31, 2024: 

##TABLE_START Gross Reinsurance Recoverable on Losses and Loss Expenses Recoverables (net of Usable Collateral) Valuation allowance for Uncollectible Reinsurance (1) 

(in millions of U.S. dollars) Type Reinsurers with credit ratings $ 15,944 &#160; $ 14,117 &#160; $ 179 &#160; Reinsurers not rated 332 &#160; 279 &#160; 31 &#160; Reinsurers under supervision and insolvent reinsurers 107 &#160; 106 &#160; 44 &#160; Captives 2,704 &#160; 557 &#160; 13 &#160; Other, including structured settlements and pools 1,000 &#160; 990 &#160; 43 &#160; Total $ 20,087 &#160; $ 16,049 &#160; $ 310 &#160; ##TABLE_END

(1) The valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $4.0 billion of collateral at December 31, 2024. 

At December 31, 2024, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. To the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers was to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. Given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible valuation allowance, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. However, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at December 31, 2024, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (e.g., from A to A- or A- to BBB+) could increase our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $54 million or approximately 0.3 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. While a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for additional information. 

Fair value measurements 

Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3 inputs). Level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within Level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. Refer to Note 4 and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for information on our fair value measurements. 

Assessment of investment portfolio credit losses 

Each quarter, we evaluate expected credit losses (ECL) for fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale. Because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, ECL could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Notes 1 f) and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for more information. 

Deferred income taxes 

At December 31, 2024, the Consolidated balance sheet reflects a deferred tax asset of $1.60 billion and a deferred tax liability of $1.58 billion. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts 

recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. We determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. There may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our deferred tax assets and liabilities. At each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income, principally derived from business plans and where there are appropriate available tax planning strategies. Projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. If our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. At December 31, 2024, the valuation allowance of $1.08 billion reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income. 

Goodwill impairment assessment 

Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $19.6 billion and $19.7 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. Impairment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, an operating segment. The impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. If a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment. In assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including: 

&#8226; short-term and long-term growth rates; and 

&#8226; estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates. 

If our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of Goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken. Based on our impairment testing for 2024, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment. For Goodwill balances, refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Consolidated Operating Results &#8211; Years Ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 

##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 51,468 &#160; $ 47,361 $ 41,720 8.7 % 13.5 % 

Net premiums written - constant dollars (1) 

9.2 % 13.5 % Net premiums earned 49,846 &#160; 45,712 40,360 9.0 % 13.3 % Net investment income 5,930 &#160; 4,937 3,742 20.1 % 31.9 % Net realized gains (losses) 117 &#160; (607) (1,085) NM (44.0) % Market risk benefits gains (losses) (140) (307) 80 (54.3) % NM Total revenues 55,753 &#160; 49,735 43,097 12.1 % 15.4 % Losses and loss expenses 26,022 &#160; 24,100 22,572 8.0 % 6.8 % Policy benefits 4,714 &#160; 3,628 2,314 29.9 % 56.8 % Policy acquisition costs 9,102 &#160; 8,259 7,339 10.2 % 12.5 % Administrative expenses 4,380 &#160; 4,007 3,395 9.3 % 18.0 % Interest expense 741 &#160; 672 570 10.0 % 18.0 % Other (income) expense (1,023) (836) 89 22.4 % NM Amortization of purchased intangibles 323 &#160; 310 285 4.3 % 8.7 % Integration expenses 39 &#160; 69 48 (43.4) % 43.5 % Total expenses 44,298 &#160; 40,209 36,612 10.2 % 9.8 % Income before income tax 11,455 &#160; 9,526 6,485 20.2 % 46.9 % Income tax expense 1,815 &#160; 511 1,239 NM (58.8) % Net income 9,640 &#160; 9,015 5,246 6.9 % 71.9 % Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 368 &#160; (13) &#8212; NM NM Net income attributable to Chubb $ 9,272 &#160; $ 9,028 $ 5,246 2.7 % 72.1 % ##TABLE_END

NM - not meaningful 

(1) On a constant-dollar basis. Amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period. 

Financial Highlights for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 

&#8226; Net income attributable to Chubb was a record $9.27 billion compared with $9.03 billion in 2023. Net income in 2024 was driven by record underwriting results and net investment income. Net income in 2023 includes the one-time deferred tax benefit of $1.14 billion, reflecting the transition provisions related to the enactment of Bermuda&#8217;s new income tax law. 

&#8226; Consolidated net premiums written were $51.47 billion, up 8.7 percent, or 9.2 percent in constant dollars. P&#38;C net premiums written increased 7.7 percent, or 8.0 percent in constant dollars, with commercial insurance up 6.3 percent and consumer insurance up 12.9 percent. 

&#8226; The P&#38;C combined ratio was 86.6 percent compared with 86.5 percent in 2023. The P&#38;C current accident year (CAY) combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 83.1 percent compared with 83.9 percent in 2023. 

&#8226; Total pre-tax catastrophe losses were $2.39 billion compared with $1.83 billion in 2023. 

&#8226; Life Insurance segment net premiums written increased 15.7 percent, or 18.5 percent in constant dollars, and segment income was a record $1.10 billion, up 4.6 percent, or 7.3 percent in constant dollars. Life insurance deposits collected increased $981 million, up 61.8 percent, or 65.5 percent in constant dollars. 

&#8226; Pre-tax net investment income was a record $5.93 billion compared with $4.94 billion in 2023, primarily due to strong operating cash flow at higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities. 

Outlook 

2024 was a simply outstanding year, as our results, top and bottom line, continue to demonstrate the broad and diversified nature of our company and the consistency of contributions from our businesses around the world: North America, Asia, Europe, Latin America, both commercial and consumer. As we look forward to 2025, we have good momentum and are optimistic about the year ahead. 

The recent California wildfire disaster, which is a first quarter 2025 event, has an estimated net pre-tax cost of $1.5 billion and highlights our commitment to supporting our policyholders in times of need. Despite this, we expect continued strong performance across all business segments. Global P&#38;C market conditions remain favorable, with significant growth opportunities across our operations, including commercial and consumer lines. We anticipate robust growth in operating earnings and earnings per share, driven by our key sources of income: P&#38;C underwriting, investment income, and life insurance. 

While we acknowledge the challenges posed by natural disasters, we are well-positioned to continue delivering outstanding results in 2025. Our resilient business model and unwavering support for our policyholders will guide us as we move forward in the year ahead. 

##TABLE_START Net Premiums Written % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 C$ 2024 vs. 2023 Property and other short-tail lines $ 9,543 &#160; $ 8,414 $ 7,195 13.4 % 16.9 % 13.6 % Commercial casualty 9,166 &#160; 8,291 7,715 10.5 % 7.5 % 10.5 % Financial lines 4,907 &#160; 5,069 5,070 (3.2) % &#8212; (3.2) % Workers' compensation 2,238 &#160; 2,239 2,164 &#8212; 3.5 % &#8212; 

Commercial multiple peril (1) 

1,631 &#160; 1,492 1,311 9.3 % 13.7 % 9.3 % Surety 785 &#160; 691 622 13.8 % 11.0 % 14.6 % Total Commercial P&#38;C lines 28,270 &#160; 26,196 24,077 7.9 % 8.8 % 8.0 % Agriculture 2,703 &#160; 3,188 2,907 (15.2) % 9.7 % (15.2) % Personal homeowners 4,971 &#160; 4,429 3,901 12.2 % 13.6 % 12.6 % Personal automobile 2,491 &#160; 1,991 1,631 25.1 % 22.1 % 25.6 % Personal other 2,076 &#160; 1,929 1,817 7.6 % 6.1 % 8.3 % Total Personal lines 9,538 &#160; 8,349 7,349 14.2 % 13.6 % 14.7 % Global A&#38;H - P&#38;C 3,285 &#160; 3,145 2,836 4.5 % 10.9 % 5.9 % Reinsurance lines 1,346 &#160; 1,018 943 32.2 % 8.0 % 32.2 % Total Property and Casualty lines 45,142 &#160; 41,896 38,112 7.7 % 9.9 % 8.0 % Life Insurance 6,326 &#160; 5,465 3,608 15.7 % 51.5 % 18.5 % Total consolidated $ 51,468 &#160; $ 47,361 $ 41,720 8.7 % 13.5 % 9.2 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability). 

The increase in consolidated net premiums written in 2024 principally reflects growth across most product lines driven by strong premium retention, including rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. 

&#8226; Property and other short-tail lines grew globally due to strong new business and retention, including rate increases. 

&#8226; Commercial casualty grew globally due to strong retention, including both rate and exposure increases, and strong new business. 

&#8226; Financial lines declined due to lower renewal retention, including lower rates, due to a competitive market environment where pricing does not provide an adequate return. 

&#8226; Workers&#8217; compensation was flat. 

&#8226; Commercial multiple peril grew due to strong new business and retention, including higher rates and exposure, in North America. 

&#8226; Surety grew due to strong new business. 

&#8226; Agriculture declined primarily due to lower commodity prices in the current year, and higher year-over-year premium cessions to the U.S. government. 

&#8226; Personal lines grew globally due to new business and renewal retention, as well as increases in both rate and exposure, in homeowners and excess lines, in addition to growth in auto lines in certain international markets. Growth also benefited from the consolidation of Huatai on July 1, 2023. 

&#8226; Global A&#38;H &#8211; P&#38;C grew in Europe and Asia due to new business, including rate increases in Europe, and with Asia benefiting from the consolidation of Huatai. 

&#8226; Reinsurance lines reflected continued growth, mainly in property and casualty lines, reflecting favorable market conditions and included a large one-off structured transaction from the second quarter in the current year. 

&#8226; Life Insurance grew primarily due to strong growth in Asia, Latin America, and Combined Insurance North America. Growth also benefited from the consolidation of Huatai Group's life business. 

For additional information on net premiums written, refer to the segment results discussions. 

Net Premiums Earned 

Net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically P&#38;C contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that was recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire. Net premiums earned for long-duration contracts, typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. Net premiums earned increased $4.1 billion, up 9.0 percent, or 9.6 percent in constant dollars in 2024. P&#38;C net premiums earned increased 8.1 percent, or 8.4 percent in constant dollars, comprising growth in commercial and consumer lines of 7.2 percent and 11.7 percent, respectively. 

Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

We generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the Property Claims Service (PCS) for events in the U.S. and Canada. PCS defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured losses and affects a significant number of insureds. For events outside of the U.S. and Canada, we generally use a similar definition. Catastrophe losses are net of reinsurance and include reinstatement premiums, which are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. The reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted. 

Prior period development (PPD) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. PPD includes adjustments relating to either profit commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. The expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies. 

Refer to the Non-GAAP Reconciliation section for further information on reinstatement premiums on catastrophe losses and adjustments to prior period development. 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 

Net catastrophe losses 

$ 2,387 &#160; $ 1,828 $ 2,182 Favorable prior period development $ 856 &#160; $ 773 $ 876 ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226; 2024: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, including Hurricane Helene of $390 million and Hurricane Milton of $309 million. 

&#8226; 2023: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, Hawaii wildfires, and New Zealand storms. 

&#8226; 2022: Hurricane Ian losses of $975 million, winter storm Elliott losses of $400 million, severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, Australia storms, and Colorado wildfires. 

Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2024 was $1,152 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $1,144 million in short-tail lines, mainly in property, marine, and U.S. homeowners, and favorable development of $8 million in long-tail lines, comprising favorable development in workers&#8217; compensation mostly offset by adverse development in casualty lines, 

predominantly commercial excess and umbrella and commercial auto liability. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $296 million, with $166 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and $58 million related to molestation claims. 

Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2023 was $1,050 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $921 million in short-tail lines, mainly in property, and surety lines, and favorable development of $129 million in long-tail lines, comprising favorable development in workers&#8217; compensation partially offset by adverse development in casualty lines. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $277 million, with $149 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures and $49 million related to molestation claims. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

P&#38;C Combined Ratio 

In evaluating our segments excluding Life Insurance financial performance, we use the P&#38;C combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. We calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. We do not calculate these ratios for the Life Insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage the business in that segment. The P&#38;C combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. A P&#38;C combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss. 

##TABLE_START &#160; 2024 2023 2022 Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 60.4 &#160; % 60.6 % 62.0 % Policy acquisition cost ratio 18.1 &#160; % 17.8 % 17.8 % Administrative expense ratio 8.1 &#160; % 8.1 % 7.8 % P&#38;C Combined ratio 86.6 &#160; % 86.5 % 87.6 % Catastrophe losses (5.5) % (4.5) % (5.9) % Prior period development 2.0 &#160; % 1.9 % 2.5 % P&#38;C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 83.1 &#160; % 83.9 % 84.2 % ##TABLE_END

The P&#38;C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, reflecting a higher percentage of net premiums earned from property lines, and the contemplation of a higher underwriting gain in MPCI for the current crop year. These factors were offset by price changes not keeping pace with loss trends in financial lines, a change in mix of business away from products that have a lower policy acquisition cost ratio, and increased spending to support growth. 

The P&#38;C combined ratio was relatively flat, reflecting higher catastrophe losses in addition to the factors mentioned above. 

Policy benefits 

Policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. Policy benefits include (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. In addition, Policy benefits include the impact on the liabilities from (gains) losses on investment portfolios supporting certain participating policies. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations. Policy benefits include the results of Huatai Group as of July 1, 2023. Refer to the Life Insurance segment operating results section for further discussion. 

Policy benefits were $4,714 million and $3,628 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in Policy benefits is primarily due to the consolidation of Huatai Group. 

Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net investment income, Other (income) expense, Net realized gains (losses), Interest expense, Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Segment Operating Results &#8211; Years Ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 

We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance, North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In addition, the results of our run-off Brandywine business, including all run-off asbestos and environmental (A&#38;E) exposures, and the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years are presented within Corporate. 

North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance 

The North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&#38;C insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes our North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division (large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the North America Commercial Insurance division (principally middle market and small commercial accounts). 

##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 20,589 &#160; $ 19,237 $ 17,889 7.0 % 7.5 % Net premiums earned 20,008 &#160; 18,416 17,107 8.6 % 7.7 % Losses and loss expenses 12,737 &#160; 11,256 10,828 13.2 % 4.0 % Policy acquisition costs 2,718 &#160; 2,515 2,313 8.1 % 8.7 % Administrative expenses 1,337 &#160; 1,250 1,113 7.0 % 12.4 % Underwriting income 3,216 &#160; 3,395 2,853 (5.3) % 19.0 % Net investment income 3,556 &#160; 3,017 2,247 17.9 % 34.3 % Other (income) expense 32 &#160; 22 17 46.6 % 27.4 % Amortization of purchased intangibles 3 &#160; &#8212; &#8212; NM &#8212; Segment income $ 6,737 &#160; $ 6,390 $ 5,083 5.4 % 25.7 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 63.7 &#160; % 61.1 % 63.3 % 2.6 pts (2.2) pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 13.6 &#160; % 13.7 % 13.5 % (0.1) pts 0.2 pts Administrative expense ratio 6.6 &#160; % 6.8 % 6.5 % (0.2) pts 0.3 pts Combined ratio 83.9 &#160; % 81.6 % 83.3 % 2.3 pts (1.7) pts Catastrophe losses (5.5) % (3.8) % (5.6) % (1.7) pts 1.8 pts Prior period development 2.2 &#160; % 2.7 % 3.4 % (0.5) pts (0.7) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 80.6 &#160; % 80.5 % 81.1 % 0.1 pts (0.6) pts ##TABLE_END NM &#8211; not meaningful 

Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Net catastrophe losses $ 1,103 &#160; $ 710 $ 961 Favorable prior period development $ 428 &#160; $ 494 $ 562 ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226;2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, Hurricane Helene, and Hurricane Milton. 

&#8226;2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, and Hawaii wildfires. 

&#8226;2022: Hurricane Ian losses, winter storm Elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

Premiums 

Net premiums written increased $1,352 million, or 7.0 percent, in 2024, reflecting strong new business and retention, including rate increases. The increase in premiums reflects growth of 7.4 percent in the North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division and 6.5 percent in the North America Commercial Insurance division, and was across most lines of business, most notably in property and casualty lines. This growth was partially offset by declines in financial lines, reflecting a competitive market environment and lower retention, and planned corrective underwriting actions in Major Accounts primary and excess casualty that adversely impacted growth. 

Net premiums earned increased $1,592 million, or 8.6 percent, in 2024, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above. 

Combined Ratio 

The combined ratio increased in 2024, reflecting higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable prior period development. 

The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was relatively flat in 2024, reflecting price changes not keeping pace with loss trends in financial lines, offset by a higher percentage of net premiums earned from property lines. 

North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance 

The North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the U.S. and Canada. ##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 6,532 &#160; $ 5,878 $ 5,313 11.1 % 10.6 % Net premiums earned 6,188 &#160; 5,536 5,180 11.8 % 6.9 % Losses and loss expenses 3,584 &#160; 3,511 3,186 2.1 % 10.2 % Policy acquisition costs 1,239 &#160; 1,128 1,057 9.9 % 6.7 % Administrative expenses 351 &#160; 329 291 6.7 % 12.9 % Underwriting income 1,014 &#160; 568 646 78.5 % (12.2) % Net investment income 433 &#160; 358 283 20.9 % 27.0 % Other (income) expense 1 &#160; 3 4 (59.3) % (35.2) % Amortization of purchased intangibles 9 &#160; 9 10 &#8212; (5.3) % Segment income $ 1,437 &#160; $ 914 $ 915 57.2 % (0.1) % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 57.9 &#160; % 63.4 % 61.5 % (5.5) pts 1.9 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 20.0 &#160; % 20.4 % 20.4 % (0.4) pts &#8212; pts Administrative expense ratio 5.7 &#160; % 5.9 % 5.6 % (0.2) pts 0.3 pts Combined ratio 83.6 &#160; % 89.7 % 87.5 % (6.1) pts 2.2 pts Catastrophe losses (10.0) % (12.1) % (12.2) % 2.1 pts 0.1 pts Prior period development 4.9 &#160; % 2.5 % 3.6 % 2.4 pts (1.1) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 78.5 &#160; % 80.1 % 78.9 % (1.6) pts 1.2 pts ##TABLE_END

Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Net catastrophe losses $ 622 &#160; $ 669 $ 631 Favorable prior period development $ 305 &#160; $ 134 $ 186 ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226;2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, Hurricane Helene, and Hurricane Milton. 

&#8226;2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, and Hawaii wildfires. 

&#8226;2022: Hurricane Ian losses, winter storm Elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., including Colorado wildfires. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

Premiums 

Net premiums written increased $654 million, or 11.1 percent, in 2024, driven by strong new business and retention, including positive rate and exposure increases in all lines. 

Net premiums earned increased $652 million, or 11.8 percent, in 2024, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above. 

Combined Ratio 

The combined ratio decreased in 2024, reflecting higher favorable prior period development and lower catastrophe losses. 

The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, primarily reflecting an improvement from earned rate and exposure growth. Additionally, the improvement includes lower acquisition expenses due to commission reductions in our auto and excess lines. The improvement was partly offset by an increase in excess liability loss trends. 

North America Agricultural Insurance 

The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our North American based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the U.S. and Canada including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&#38;C commercial insurance products and services through our Agriculture P&#38;C business. 

##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 2,703 &#160; $ 3,188 $ 2,907 (15.2) % 9.7 % Net premiums earned 2,705 &#160; 3,169 2,838 (14.6) % 11.7 % Losses and loss expenses 2,170 &#160; 2,874 2,557 (24.5) % 12.4 % Policy acquisition costs 191 &#160; 150 126 27.3 % 19.4 % Administrative expenses (10) (1) (10) NM (86.9) % Underwriting income 354 &#160; 146 165 143.3 % (11.6) % Net investment income 84 &#160; 63 36 33.1 % 74.4 % Other (income) expense 1 &#160; 1 1 &#8212; &#8212; Amortization of purchased intangibles 25 &#160; 25 26 &#8212; (2.4) % Segment income $ 412 &#160; $ 183 $ 174 125.9 % 5.2 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 80.2 &#160; % 90.7 % 90.1 % (10.5) pts 0.6 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 7.1 &#160; % 4.7 % 4.4 % 2.4 pts 0.3 pts Administrative expense ratio (0.4) % &#8212; % (0.3) % (0.4) pts 0.3 pts Combined ratio 86.9 &#160; % 95.4 % 94.2 % (8.5) pts 1.2 pts Catastrophe losses (2.2) % (1.3) % (2.1) % (0.9) pts 0.8 pts Prior period development 4.1 &#160; % 0.6 % 2.3 % 3.5 pts (1.7) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 88.8 &#160; % 94.7 % 94.4 % (5.9) pts 0.3 pts ##TABLE_END

NM &#8211; not meaningful 

Net catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Net catastrophe losses $ 60 &#160; $ 39 $ 64 Favorable prior period development $ 104 &#160; $ 18 $ 61 ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226;2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, and Hurricane Helene. 

&#8226;2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, and wind events. 

&#8226;2022: Hurricane Ian losses, severe weather-related events in the Chubb Agribusiness, and winter storm losses in the U.S. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

Premiums 

Net premiums written decreased $485 million, or 15.2 percent, in 2024, primarily due to lower commodity prices in the current year, and higher year-over-year premium cessions to the U.S. government of $326 million. Under the profit-sharing agreement, we retained more premium in 2023 given the below average crop year and higher losses experienced in certain states that year. 

Net premiums earned decreased $464 million, or 14.6 percent, in 2024, reflecting the factors described above. 

Combined Ratio 

The combined ratio decreased in 2024, reflecting higher favorable prior period development, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. 

The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, which contemplates a higher underwriting gain for the current crop year. This was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower net premiums earned, and a change in the mix of business away from products that have a lower policy acquisition cost ratio. 

Overseas General Insurance 

Overseas General Insurance segment comprises Chubb International and Chubb Global Markets (CGM). Chubb International comprises our international commercial P&#38;C traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; A&#38;H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international commercial P&#38;C excess and surplus lines business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488. Chubb provides funds at Lloyd's to support underwriting by Syndicate 2488 which is managed by Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. Effective July 1, 2023, the Overseas General Insurance segment includes 100 percent of the results of Huatai Group's P&#38;C business as required under consolidation accounting. We previously included our share of Huatai results based on our equity method investment within Other (income) expense. 

##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 13,972 &#160; $ 12,575 $ 11,060 11.1 % 13.7 % Net premiums written - constant dollars 11.8 % 13.3 % Net premiums earned 13,400 &#160; 12,231 10,803 9.6 % 13.2 % Losses and loss expenses 6,414 &#160; 5,643 4,894 13.7 % 15.3 % Policy benefits 408 &#160; 457 358 (10.9) % 27.7 % Policy acquisition costs 3,410 &#160; 3,113 2,818 9.5 % 10.4 % Administrative expenses 1,351 &#160; 1,219 1,070 10.8 % 14.0 % Underwriting income 1,817 &#160; 1,799 1,663 1.0 % 8.2 % Net investment income 1,136 &#160; 895 626 26.8 % 43.0 % Other (income) expense 14 &#160; (25) 2 NM NM Amortization of purchased intangibles 81 &#160; 70 57 15.8 % 22.2 % Segment income $ 2,858 &#160; $ 2,649 $ 2,230 7.9 % 18.8 % Segment income - constant dollars 7.9 % 18.3 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 50.9 &#160; % 49.9 % 48.6 % 1.0 pts 1.3 pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 25.4 &#160; % 25.4 % 26.1 % &#8212; pts (0.7) pts Administrative expense ratio 10.1 &#160; % 10.0 % 9.9 % 0.1 pts 0.1 pts Combined ratio 86.4 &#160; % 85.3 % 84.6 % 1.1 pts 0.7 pts Catastrophe losses (3.4) % (3.3) % (3.4) % (0.1) pts 0.1 pts Prior period development 2.2 &#160; % 3.1 % 4.2 % (0.9) pts (1.1) pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 85.2 &#160; % 85.1 % 85.4 % 0.1 pts (0.3) pts ##TABLE_END

NM &#8211; not meaningful 

Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Net catastrophe losses $ 459 &#160; $ 403 $ 365 Favorable prior period development $ 290 &#160; $ 376 $ 448 ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226;2024: Rio Grande Storms, Hurricane Helene, Hurricane Milton, and International weather-related events. 

&#8226;2023: Storms in New Zealand, international weather-related events, and Hurricane Otis losses. 

&#8226;2022: Hurricane Ian losses, international weather-related events, and storms in Australia. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

##TABLE_START Net Premiums Written by Region % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 C$ 2023 

2024 vs. 2023 C$ 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Region Europe, Middle East, and Africa $ 6,132 &#160; $ 5,713 $ 5,222 $ 5,768 7.3 % 6.3 % 9.4 % 

Asia (1) 

4,822 &#160; 4,072 3,364 4,002 18.4 % 20.5 % 21.1 % Latin America 2,876 &#160; 2,653 2,312 2,590 8.4 % 11.0 % 14.8 % 

Other (2) 

142 &#160; 137 162 137 4.2 % 3.9 % (16.0) % Net premiums written $ 13,972 &#160; $ 12,575 $ 11,060 $ 12,497 11.1 % 11.8 % 13.7 % Region 2024 % of Total 2023 % of Total 2022 % of Total Europe, Middle East, and Africa 44 &#160; % 45 % 47 % 

Asia (1) 

34 &#160; % 33 % 31 % Latin America 21 &#160; % 21 % 21 % 

Other (2) 

1 &#160; % 1 % 1 % Net premiums written 100 &#160; % 100 % 100 % ##TABLE_END

(1) 2023 and 2024 include the consolidated results of Huatai P&#38;C effective July 1, 2023. 

(2) Includes the international supplemental A&#38;H business of Combined Insurance and other international operations. 

Premiums 

Overall, net premiums written increased $1,397 million in 2024, or $1,475 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting growth in commercial lines of 9.7 percent, or 9.8 percent on a constant-dollar basis, and growth in consumer lines of 13.3 percent, or 15.0 percent on a constant-dollar basis. 

Our European division increased in 2024, supported by both our wholesale and retail divisions. The growth in commercial lines was driven by higher new business, and positive rate increases, primarily in commercial property and casualty lines. Consumer lines increased primarily due to new business growth in A&#38;H. 

Asia increased in 2024, reflecting the consolidation of Huatai Group's P&#38;C business effective July 1, 2023. Commercial growth was driven by higher new business, higher retention, and positive rate increases, primarily in property and casualty lines. Consumer lines had strong growth in new business for both A&#38;H and personal lines. 

Latin America increased in 2024, reflecting strong growth in our consumer lines, including automobile in Mexico, and in commercial lines driven by new business and positive rate increases across property and casualty lines. 

Net premiums earned increased $1,169 million in 2024, or $1,265 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above. 

Combined Ratio 

The combined ratio increased in 2024 primarily reflecting lower favorable prior period development and higher catastrophe losses. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was relatively flat in 2024. 

Global Reinsurance 

The Global Reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P&#38;C companies. ##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 1,346 &#160; $ 1,018 $ 943 32.2 % 8.0 % Net premiums written - constant dollars 32.2 % 8.2 % Net premiums earned 1,272 &#160; 962 922 32.2 % 4.3 % Losses and loss expenses 711 &#160; 426 670 66.9 % (36.4) % Policy acquisition costs 342 &#160; 264 240 29.7 % 9.9 % Administrative expenses 39 &#160; 37 36 7.5 % 1.6 % Underwriting income (loss) 180 &#160; 235 (24) (24.0) % NM Net investment income 253 &#160; 208 281 22.1 % (26.0) % Other (income) expense &#8212; &#160; (2) 1 NM NM Segment income $ 433 &#160; $ 445 $ 256 (2.8) % 74.0 % Combined ratio: Loss and loss expense ratio 55.9 &#160; % 44.3 % 72.6 % 11.6 pts (28.3) pts Policy acquisition cost ratio 26.9 &#160; % 27.4 % 26.1 % (0.5) pts 1.3 pts Administrative expense ratio 3.1 &#160; % 3.8 % 3.9 % (0.7) pts (0.1) pts Combined ratio 85.9 &#160; % 75.5 % 102.6 % 10.4 pts (27.1) pts Catastrophe losses (11.5) % (0.7) % (18.5) % (10.8) pts 17.8 pts Prior period development 2.0 &#160; % 3.1 % (2.6) % (1.1) pts 5.7 pts CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses 76.4 &#160; % 77.9 % 81.5 % (1.5) pts (3.6) pts ##TABLE_END

NM &#8211; not meaningful 

Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Net catastrophe losses $ 143 &#160; $ 7 $ 161 Favorable (unfavorable) prior period development $ 25 &#160; $ 28 $ (22) ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events: 

&#8226;2024: Hurricane Milton, Hurricane Helene, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., Europe, and Canada. 

&#8226;2023: Hurricane Idalia, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S. 

&#8226;2022: Hurricane Ian, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., Australia, and Canada. 

Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development. 

Premiums 

Net premiums written increased $328 million, or 32.2 percent, in 2024, primarily reflecting continued growth driven by new business. Growth was most notably in property and casualty lines, partially offset by a decrease in financial and specialty lines. Net premiums written in 2024 also benefited from a large one-off structured transaction in the second quarter and from catastrophe reinstatement premiums. 

Net premiums earned increased $310 million, or 32.2 percent, in 2024, primarily reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above including the large one-off structured transaction and catastrophe reinstatement premiums, which were fully earned when written. 

Combined Ratio 

The combined ratio increased in 2024, primarily reflecting the impact of higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable prior period development. 

The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, primarily due to favorable market conditions in property lines. The decrease also reflects the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned on the administrative expense ratio, partially offset by the impact of the large one-off structured transaction described above. 

Life Insurance 

The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations, Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the North American supplemental A&#38;H and life business of Combined Insurance. Effective July 1, 2023, the Life Insurance segment also includes 100 percent of the results of Huatai Group's life and asset management business as required under consolidation accounting. We previously included our share of Huatai results based on our equity method investment within Other (income) expense. ##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net premiums written $ 6,326 &#160; $ 5,465 $ 3,608 15.7 % 51.5 % Net premiums written - constant dollars 18.5 % 50.9 % Net premiums earned 6,273 &#160; 5,398 3,510 16.2 % 53.8 % Losses and loss expenses 112 &#160; 114 85 (1.8) % 34.1 % Policy benefits 4,101 &#160; 3,216 1,998 27.5 % 60.9 % Policy acquisition costs 1,202 &#160; 1,089 785 10.3 % 38.8 % Administrative expenses 880 &#160; 771 510 14.3 % 51.0 % Net investment income 1,003 &#160; 756 509 32.7 % 48.5 % Other (income) expense (159) (115) (30) 39.7 % NM Amortization of purchased intangibles 42 &#160; 30 10 40.5 % NM Segment income $ 1,098 &#160; $ 1,049 $ 661 4.6 % 58.8 % Segment income - constant dollars 7.3 % 58.4 % ##TABLE_END

NM - not meaningful 

Premiums 

Net premiums written increased $861 million in 2024, or $987 million on a constant-dollar basis. 

For our international life operations, net premiums written increased 17.1 percent, or 20.5 percent on a constant-dollar basis, primarily due to Huatai Group's life insurance business, as well as strong growth in North Asia, notably Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Korea, including face-to-face channels. 

Net premiums written in our Combined Insurance business increased 12.3 percent in 2024, from growth in worksite business of 31.2 percent, partially offset by the non-renewal of a large program. 

Deposits 

The following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts: ##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 C$ 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts $ 2,571 &#160; $ 1,590 $ 1,800 61.8 % 65.5 % (11.7) % ##TABLE_END

Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our Consolidated statements of operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our 

business. Life deposits collected increased $981 million in 2024, primarily in Taiwan and from the consolidation of Huatai Life business effective July 1, 2023. 

Life Insurance segment income 

Life Insurance segment income increased $49 million in 2024, or $75 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the growth in premiums described above, strong underwriting margins in A&#38;H products, expense synergies and higher net investment income from larger assets under management and better portfolio yield. 

Corporate 

Corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments, and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (A&#38;E) liabilities and certain other non-A&#38;E run-off exposures, including molestation. Effective July 1, 2023, 100 percent of Huatai Group&#8217;s non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. 

##TABLE_START &#160; % Change (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Losses and loss expenses $ 299 &#160; $ 281 $ 363 6.8 % (22.8) % Administrative expenses 432 &#160; 402 385 6.9 % 4.5 % Underwriting loss 731 &#160; 683 748 6.9 % (8.7) % Net investment income (loss) (105) 25 &#8212; NM NM Other (income) expense (490) (380) 292 29.0 % NM Amortization of purchased intangibles 163 &#160; 176 182 (6.6) % (3.8) % Net realized gains (losses) (91) (602) (1,074) (85.0) % (43.9) % 

Market risk benefits gains (losses) 

(140) (307) 80 (54.3) % NM Interest expense 741 &#160; 672 570 10.2 % 18.0 % Integration expenses 39 &#160; 69 48 (43.4) % 43.5 % Income tax expense 1,815 &#160; 511 1,239 NM (58.8) % Net income (loss) $ (3,335) $ (2,615) $ (4,073) 27.5 % (35.8) % Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 368 &#160; (13) &#8212; NM NM Net income (loss) attributable to Chubb $ (3,703) $ (2,602) $ (4,073) 42.3 % (36.1) % NM &#8211; not meaningful ##TABLE_END

Losses and loss expenses increased in 2024 primarily due to adverse development relating to our legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and non A&#38;E run-off casualty exposure, including molestation. 

Administrative expenses increased in 2024, primarily due to increased spending to support growth, including digital growth initiatives. 

Integration expenses principally comprised legal and professional fees and all other costs primarily related to the integration activities of the Cigna acquisition. These expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. The Chief Executive Officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income. 

Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net realized gains (losses), Net investment income (loss), Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense (benefit). Refer to Notes 11 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Market risk benefits gains (losses) and Other (income) expense, respectively. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Our effective tax rate (ETR) was 15.8 percent, 5.4 percent, and 19.1 percent in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Our ETR reflects a mix of income or losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, permanent differences between U.S. GAAP and local tax laws, and the impact of discrete items. A change in the geographic mix of earnings could impact our ETR. The increase in the ETR from 2023 to 2024 was primarily due to a one-time deferred tax benefit recorded in 2023 of $1.14 billion related to the enactment of Bermuda&#8217;s new income tax law, and our mix of earnings among various jurisdictions, partially offset by discrete tax items. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) 

We take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. The majority of our investment portfolio is available-for-sale and reported at fair value. 

The effect of market movements on our fixed maturities available-for-sale portfolio impacts Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a change to the valuation allowance for expected credit losses. For a further discussion related to how we assess the valuation allowance for expected credit losses and the related impact on Net income, refer to Note 1 f) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The effect of market movements on fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products and investments supporting certain participating products in the Huatai portfolio impact Net realized gains (losses). Additionally, Net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of public and private equity securities and derivatives, including financial futures, options, and swaps. Changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available-for-sale securities, resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, changes in current discount rate on future policy benefits, changes in instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits, unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reported as separate components of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in Shareholders&#8217; equity in the Consolidated balance sheets. 

The following table presents our net realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

##TABLE_START Year Ended December 31 &#160; 2024 2023 2022 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net 

Realized 

Gains 

(Losses) 

Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Net Impact Net Realized Gains (Losses) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Net Impact Net Realized Gains (Losses) 

Fixed maturities (1) 

$ 191 &#160; $ (251) $ (60) $ (481) $ 3,438 $ 2,957 $ (1,049) Investment and embedded derivative instruments (189) &#8212; &#160; (189) (53) &#8212; (53) (43) Public equity Sales 25 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 25 &#160; (68) &#8212; (68) 409 Mark-to-market 169 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 169 &#160; 30 &#8212; 30 (639) Private equity (less than 3 percent ownership) Mark-to-market 124 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 124 &#160; 70 &#8212; 70 (31) Total investment portfolio 

320 &#160; (251) 69 &#160; (502) 3,438 2,936 (1,353) Other derivative instruments (4) &#8212; &#160; (4) (10) &#8212; (10) (11) Foreign exchange (223) (1,177) (1,400) (183) (13) (196) 397 

Current discount rate on future policy benefits 

&#8212; &#160; (701) (701) &#8212; 84 84 &#8212; 

Instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits 

&#8212; &#160; 7 &#160; 7 &#160; &#8212; 2 2 &#8212; 

Other (2) 

24 &#160; 257 &#160; 281 &#160; 88 167 255 (118) Net gains (losses), pre-tax $ 117 &#160; $ (1,865) $ (1,748) $ (607) $ 3,678 $ 3,071 $ (1,085) ##TABLE_END

(1) 2024 includes a net decrease of the valuation allowance of expected credit losses of $86 million on fixed maturities and impairments of $94 million on fixed maturities. 

(2) 2023 includes a one-time realized gain of $135 million as a result of the consolidation of Huatai Group. 

Pre-tax net unrealized losses of $251 million in 2024 in our investment portfolio reflected the mark-to-market impact in the fixed income portfolio. 

Pre-tax net realized gains of $117 million in 2024 mainly comprised mark-to-market gains on fixed maturities, public equities, and private equities, partially offset by net losses on sales of fixed maturities, and foreign exchange and derivative losses. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Non-GAAP Reconciliation 

In presenting our results, we included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations and financial condition. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP. 

We provide financial measures, including net premiums written, net premiums earned, segment income, and underwriting income on a constant-dollar basis. We believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in our results exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. The impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period. 

P&#38;C performance metrics comprise consolidated operating results (including Corporate) and exclude the operating results of the Life Insurance segment. We believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company&#8217;s P&#38;C operations which are the most economically similar. We exclude the Life Insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our P&#38;C operations. 

P&#38;C combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, policy acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding the life business and including the realized gains and losses on the crop derivatives. These derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results. We view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations. 

CAY P&#38;C combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses (CATs) excludes CATs and prior period development (PPD) from the P&#38;C combined ratio. We exclude CATs as they are not predictable as to timing and amount and PPD as these unexpected loss developments on historical reserves are not indicative of our current underwriting performance. The combined ratio numerator is adjusted to exclude CATs, PPD, and expense adjustments on PPD, and the denomi nator is adjusted to exclude net premiums earned adjustments on PPD and reinstatement premiums on CATs and PPD. In periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from PPD and net premiums earned when calculating the ratios. We believe this measure provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our P&#38;C business that may be obscured by these items. This measure is commonly reported among our peer companies and allows for a better comparison. 

Reinstatement premiums are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. The reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted. 

Net premiums earned adjustments within PPD are adjustments to the initial premium earned on retrospectively rated policies based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. The premium adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies and are fully earned in the period the adjustments are recorded. 

Prior period expense adjustments typically relate to adjustable commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. The expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies. 

The following tables present the calculation of combined ratio, as reported for each segment to P&#38;C combined ratio, adjusted for CATs and PPD: ##TABLE_START North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance North America Agricultural Insurance Overseas General Insurance Global Reinsurance Corporate Total P&#38;C For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 (in millions of U.S. dollars except for ratios) Numerator Losses and loss expenses/policy benefits A $ 12,737 &#160; $ 3,584 &#160; $ 2,170 &#160; $ 6,822 &#160; $ 711 &#160; $ 299 &#160; $ 26,323 &#160; Catastrophe losses and related adjustments Catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments (1,103) (622) (60) (459) (143) &#8212; &#160; (2,387) Reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 14 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 14 &#160; Catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments (1,103) (622) (60) (459) (157) &#8212; &#160; (2,401) PPD and related adjustments PPD, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 428 &#160; 305 &#160; 104 &#160; 290 &#160; 25 &#160; (296) 856 &#160; Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 70 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 63 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 133 &#160; Expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable) (5) &#8212; &#160; 3 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; PPD, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 493 &#160; 305 &#160; 170 &#160; 290 &#160; 29 &#160; (296) 991 &#160; CAY loss and loss expense ex CATs B $ 12,127 &#160; $ 3,267 &#160; $ 2,280 &#160; $ 6,653 &#160; $ 583 &#160; $ 3 &#160; $ 24,913 &#160; Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses C $ 4,055 &#160; $ 1,590 &#160; $ 181 &#160; $ 4,761 &#160; $ 381 &#160; $ 432 &#160; $ 11,400 &#160; Expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 5 &#160; &#8212; &#160; (3) &#8212; &#160; (2) &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted D $ 4,060 &#160; $ 1,590 &#160; $ 178 &#160; $ 4,761 &#160; $ 379 &#160; $ 432 &#160; $ 11,400 &#160; Denominator Net premiums earned E $ 20,008 &#160; $ 6,188 &#160; $ 2,705 &#160; $ 13,400 &#160; $ 1,272 &#160; $ 43,573 &#160; Reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; (14) (14) Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 70 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 63 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 133 &#160; PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; 2 &#160; Net premiums earned excluding adjustments F $ 20,078 &#160; $ 6,188 &#160; $ 2,768 &#160; $ 13,400 &#160; $ 1,260 &#160; $ 43,694 &#160; P&#38;C Combined ratio Loss and loss expense ratio A/E 63.7 &#160; % 57.9 &#160; % 80.2 &#160; % 50.9 &#160; % 55.9 &#160; % 60.4 &#160; % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio C/E 20.2 &#160; % 25.7 &#160; % 6.7 &#160; % 35.5 &#160; % 30.0 &#160; % 26.2 &#160; % P&#38;C Combined ratio 83.9 &#160; % 83.6 &#160; % 86.9 &#160; % 86.4 &#160; % 85.9 &#160; % 86.6 &#160; % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs Loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted B/F 60.4 &#160; % 52.8 &#160; % 82.4 &#160; % 49.7 &#160; % 46.2 &#160; % 57.0 &#160; % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted D/F 20.2 &#160; % 25.7 &#160; % 6.4 &#160; % 35.5 &#160; % 30.2 &#160; % 26.1 &#160; % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs 80.6 &#160; % 78.5 &#160; % 88.8 &#160; % 85.2 &#160; % 76.4 &#160; % 83.1 &#160; % Combined ratio Combined ratio 86.6 &#160; % Add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives &#8212; &#160; P&#38;C Combined ratio 86.6 &#160; % Note: The ratios above are calculated using whole U.S. dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. Letters A, B, C, D, E, and F included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above. ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance North America Agricultural Insurance Overseas General Insurance Global Reinsurance Corporate Total P&#38;C For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars except for ratios) Numerator 

Losses and loss expenses/policy benefits 

A $ 11,256 $ 3,511 $ 2,874 $ 6,100 $ 426 $ 281 $ 24,448 Catastrophe losses and related adjustments Catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments (710) (669) (39) (403) (7) &#8212; (1,828) Reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; Catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments (710) (669) (39) (403) (7) &#8212; (1,828) PPD and related adjustments PPD, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 494 134 18 376 28 (277) 773 Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 78 &#8212; 6 &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; 84 Expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable) 20 &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; (1) &#8212; 19 PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; (2) &#8212; &#8212; 8 &#8212; 6 PPD, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 592 132 24 376 35 (277) 882 CAY loss and loss expense ex CATs B $ 11,138 $ 2,974 $ 2,859 $ 6,073 $ 454 $ 4 $ 23,502 Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses C $ 3,765 $ 1,457 $ 149 $ 4,332 $ 301 $ 402 $ 10,406 Expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) (20) &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; 1 &#8212; (19) Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted D $ 3,745 $ 1,457 $ 149 $ 4,332 $ 302 $ 402 $ 10,387 Denominator Net premiums earned E $ 18,416 $ 5,536 $ 3,169 $ 12,231 $ 962 $ 40,314 Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 78 &#8212; 6 &#8212; &#8212; 84 PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; (2) &#8212; &#8212; 8 6 Net premiums earned excluding adjustments F $ 18,494 $ 5,534 $ 3,175 $ 12,231 $ 970 $ 40,404 P&#38;C Combined ratio Loss and loss expense ratio A/E 61.1 % 63.4 % 90.7 % 49.9 % 44.3 % 60.6 % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio C/E 20.5 % 26.3 % 4.7 % 35.4 % 31.2 % 25.9 % P&#38;C Combined ratio 81.6 % 89.7 % 95.4 % 85.3 % 75.5 % 86.5 % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs Loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted B/F 60.2 % 53.8 % 90.1 % 49.7 % 46.8 % 58.2 % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted D/F 20.3 % 26.3 % 4.6 % 35.4 % 31.1 % 25.7 % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs 80.5 % 80.1 % 94.7 % 85.1 % 77.9 % 83.9 % Combined ratio Combined ratio 86.5 % Add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives &#8212; P&#38;C Combined ratio 86.5 % ##TABLE_END Note: The ratios above are calculated using whole U.S. dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. Letters A, B, C, D, E and F included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above. 

##TABLE_START North America Commercial P&#38;C Insurance North America Personal P&#38;C Insurance North America Agricultural Insurance Overseas General Insurance Global Reinsurance Corporate Total P&#38;C For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions of U.S. dollars except for ratios) Numerator 

Losses and loss expenses/policy benefits 

A $ 10,828 $ 3,186 $ 2,557 $ 5,252 $ 670 $ 363 $ 22,856 Catastrophe losses and related adjustments Catastrophe losses, net of related adjustments (961) (631) (64) (365) (161) &#8212; (2,182) Reinstatement premiums collected (expensed) on catastrophe losses (1) (2) &#8212; (3) 55 &#8212; 49 Catastrophe losses, gross of related adjustments (960) (629) (64) (362) (216) &#8212; (2,231) PPD and related adjustments PPD, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 562 186 61 448 (22) (359) 876 Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 88 &#8212; 168 &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; 256 Expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable) 24 &#8212; (2) &#8212; 1 &#8212; 23 PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; (2) &#8212; (2) PPD, gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) 674 186 227 448 (23) (359) 1,153 CAY loss and loss expense ex CATs B $ 10,542 $ 2,743 $ 2,720 $ 5,338 $ 431 $ 4 $ 21,778 Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses C $ 3,426 $ 1,348 $ 116 $ 3,888 $ 276 $ 385 $ 9,439 Expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable) (24) &#8212; 2 &#8212; (1) &#8212; (23) Policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted D $ 3,402 $ 1,348 $ 118 $ 3,888 $ 275 $ 385 $ 9,416 Denominator Net premiums earned E $ 17,107 $ 5,180 $ 2,838 $ 10,803 $ 922 $ 36,850 Reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses 1 2 &#8212; 3 (55) (49) Net premiums earned adjustments on PPD - unfavorable (favorable) 88 &#8212; 168 &#8212; &#8212; 256 PPD reinstatement premiums - unfavorable (favorable) &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; &#8212; (2) (2) Net premiums earned excluding adjustments F $ 17,196 $ 5,182 $ 3,006 $ 10,806 $ 865 $ 37,055 P&#38;C Combined ratio Loss and loss expense ratio A/E 63.3 % 61.5 % 90.1 % 48.6 % 72.6 % 62.0 % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio C/E 20.0 % 26.0 % 4.1 % 36.0 % 30.0 % 25.6 % P&#38;C Combined ratio 83.3 % 87.5 % 94.2 % 84.6 % 102.6 % 87.6 % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs Loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted B/F 61.3 % 52.9 % 90.5 % 49.4 % 49.7 % 58.8 % Policy acquisition cost and administrative expense ratio, adjusted D/F 19.8 % 26.0 % 3.9 % 36.0 % 31.8 % 25.4 % CAY P&#38;C Combined ratio ex CATs 81.1 % 78.9 % 94.4 % 85.4 % 81.5 % 84.2 % Combined ratio Combined ratio 87.6 % Add: impact of gains and losses on crop derivatives &#8212; P&#38;C Combined ratio 87.6 % ##TABLE_END

Note: The ratios above are calculated using whole U.S. dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. Letters A, B, C, D, E and F included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Net Investment Income 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 2024 &#160; 2023 2022 

Average invested assets (1) 

$ 131,926 &#160; $ 118,357 $ 110,865 

Net investment income (2) 

$ 5,930 &#160; $ 4,937 $ 3,742 Yield on average invested assets 4.5 &#160; % 4.2 % 3.4 % Market yield on fixed maturities 5.2 &#160; % 5.3 % 5.6 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Excludes consolidated investment products and private equities where we own more than three percent. 

(2) Includes $16 million, $21 million, and $41 million of amortization expense related to the fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Excludes investment income from our private equities where we own more than 3 percent interest. 

Net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. Net investment income increased 20.1 percent in 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities and the consolidation of Huatai Group. Refer to Note 1 f) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

For private equities where we own less than three percent, investment income is included within Net investment income in the table above. For private equities where we own more than three percent, investment income is included within Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. Excluded from Net investment income is the mark-to-market movement for private equities, which is recorded within either Other (income) expense or Net realized gains (losses) based on our percentage of ownership. The total mark-to-market movement for private equities excluded from Net investment income was as follows: 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2022 Total mark-to-market gain (loss) on private equity, pre-tax $ 661 &#160; $ 504 $ (250) ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was $741 million, $672 million, and $570 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Interest expense increased in 2024 primarily due to newly issued debt, including the $1.0 billion of 5.00 percent senior notes issued on March 7, 2024, the $700 million of 4.65 percent senior notes issued on July 31, 2024, and the $600 million of 5.00 percent senior notes issued on July 31, 2024, partially offset by the maturity of $700 million senior notes in May 2024. The increase in interest expense also reflects the impact of higher interest rates on held collateral and funds. Pre-tax interest expense is expected to total $779 million for 2025, based on projected variable expenses and existing debt obligations as of December 31, 2024 , at current foreign exchange rates. Interest expense in 2025 is expected to be higher primarily as a result of the debt issued throughout 2024 . Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8, for more information. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Amortization of Purchased Intangibles and Other Amortization 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

Amortization expense related to purchased intangibles was $323 million, $310 million, and $285 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The amortization of purchased intangibles expense in 2025 is expected to be $298 million, or approximately $75 million each quarter. Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8, for more information on the expected pre-tax amortization expense of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years. 

At December 31, 2024, the deferred tax liability associated with the Other intangible assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on Unpaid losses and loss expenses) was $1,478 million. 

The following table presents, as of December 31, 2024, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability associated with the amortization of Other intangible assets, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years: 

##TABLE_START For the Years Ending December 31 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Reduction to deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets 2025 $ 76 2026 71 2027 66 2028 62 2029 55 Total $ 330 ##TABLE_END

Amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt 

The following table presents, as of December 31, 2024, the expected amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt related to the Chubb Corp acquisition for the next five years: 

##TABLE_START For the Years Ending December 31 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Amortization benefit of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt (1) 

2025 $ 21 2026 21 2027 21 2028 21 2029 21 Total $ 105 ##TABLE_END

(1) Recorded as a reduction to Interest expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Investments 

Our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of A/A as rated by the independent investment rating services Standard and Poor&#8217;s (S&#38;P)/ Moody&#8217;s Investors Service (Moody&#8217;s) at December 31, 2024. The portfolio is primarily managed externally by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. We hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. We have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer. We also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines. 

The average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of futures, options, and swaps, was 5.1 years and 4.8 years at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $6.2 billion at December 31, 2024. The following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our invested assets: 

##TABLE_START &#160; December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Fair Value Cost/ Amortized Cost, Net Fair Value Cost/ 

Amortized 

Cost, Net 

Short-term investments $ 5,142 &#160; $ 5,143 &#160; $ 4,551 $ 4,551 Other Investments - Fixed Maturities 6,265 &#160; 6,265 &#160; 3,773 3,773 Fixed maturities available-for-sale 110,363 &#160; 115,013 &#160; 106,571 110,972 Fixed income securities 121,770 &#160; 126,421 &#160; 114,895 119,296 Equity securities 9,151 &#160; 9,151 &#160; 3,455 3,455 

Private debt held-for-investment 

2,680 &#160; 2,628 &#160; 2,560 2,553 

Private equities and other 

17,101 &#160; 17,101 &#160; 15,832 15,832 Total investments $ 150,702 &#160; $ 155,301 &#160; $ 136,742 $ 141,136 ##TABLE_END

The fair value of our total investments increased $14.0 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024, reflecting the investing of operating cash flow, partially offset by unrealized losses on fixed maturities mainly due to interest rate increases. 

The following tables present the fair value of our fixed income securities at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The first table lists investments according to type and second according to S&#38;P credit rating: 

##TABLE_START &#160; December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) Fair Value % of Total Fair Value % of Total U.S. Treasury / Agency $ 2,341 &#160; 2 &#160; % $ 3,590 3 % Corporate and asset-backed securities 43,207 &#160; 36 &#160; % 42,830 37 % Mortgage-backed securities 27,248 &#160; 22 &#160; % 22,058 19 % Municipal 1,729 &#160; 1 &#160; % 2,929 3 % Non-U.S. 42,103 &#160; 35 &#160; % 38,937 34 % Short-term investments 5,142 &#160; 4 &#160; % 4,551 4 % 

Total (1) 

$ 121,770 &#160; 100 &#160; % $ 114,895 100 % AAA $ 13,933 &#160; 11 &#160; % $ 12,669 11 % AA 37,640 &#160; 30 &#160; % 34,312 30 % A 28,882 &#160; 24 &#160; % 27,674 24 % BBB 21,610 &#160; 18 &#160; % 20,810 18 % BB 10,789 &#160; 9 &#160; % 10,270 9 % B 8,279 &#160; 7 &#160; % 8,580 7 % Other 637 &#160; 1 &#160; % 580 1 % 

Total (1) 

$ 121,770 &#160; 100 &#160; % $ 114,895 100 % ##TABLE_END (1) Includes fixed maturities recorded in Other investments in the Consolidated balance sheets of $6.3 billion and $3.8 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Corporate and asset-backed securities 

The following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by fair value at December 31, 2024: 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) Fair Value Bank of America Corp $ 798 &#160; Morgan Stanley 683 &#160; JPMorgan Chase &#38; Co 651 &#160; Wells Fargo &#38; Co 540 &#160; Goldman Sachs Group Inc 536 &#160; Citigroup Inc 523 &#160; AT&#38;T Inc 416 &#160; Verizon Communications Inc 388 &#160; UBS Group AG 383 &#160; HSBC Holdings PLC 354 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Mortgage-backed securities 

The following table shows the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our mortgage-backed securities: 

##TABLE_START S&#38;P Credit Rating Fair Value Amortized Cost, Net December 31, 2024 (in millions of U.S. dollars) AAA AA A BBB BB and below Total Total Agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) 

$ 11 &#160; $ 23,597 &#160; $ &#8212; &#160; $ &#8212; &#160; $ &#8212; &#160; $ 23,608 &#160; $ 25,396 &#160; Non-agency RMBS 1,865 &#160; 160 &#160; 131 &#160; 128 &#160; 6 &#160; 2,290 &#160; 2,348 &#160; Commercial mortgage-backed securities 1,093 &#160; 169 &#160; 77 &#160; 9 &#160; 2 &#160; 1,350 &#160; 1,414 &#160; Total mortgage-backed securities $ 2,969 &#160; $ 23,926 &#160; $ 208 &#160; $ 137 &#160; $ 8 &#160; $ 27,248 &#160; $ 29,158 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Municipal 

As part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (Municipal). We apply the same investment selection process described previously to our Municipal investments. The portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers). 

Non-U.S. 

Chubb&#8217;s local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. Investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines. 

Our non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-U.S. operations. The average credit quality of our non-U.S. fixed income securities is A/A and 39 percent of our holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. Within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA&#8212;two percent, A&#8212;one percent, BBB&#8212;0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. We manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating-based investment approach. Accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material. 

The following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-U.S. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-U.S. government securities at December 31, 2024: 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) Fair Value Amortized Cost, Net People's Republic of China $ 1,899 &#160; $ 1,832 &#160; Republic of Korea 1,844 &#160; 1,717 &#160; Canada 843 &#160; 863 &#160; Taiwan 782 &#160; 781 &#160; Kingdom of Thailand 718 &#160; 652 &#160; United Mexican States 628 &#160; 655 &#160; Commonwealth of Australia 547 &#160; 623 &#160; Province of Ontario 519 &#160; 529 &#160; Federative Republic of Brazil 495 &#160; 518 &#160; United Kingdom 434 &#160; 467 &#160; Other Non-U.S. Government Securities 7,053 &#160; 7,127 &#160; Total $ 15,762 &#160; $ 15,764 &#160; ##TABLE_END

The following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-U.S. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-U.S. corporate securities at December 31, 2024: 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars) Fair Value Amortized Cost, Net China $ 7,046 &#160; $ 7,023 &#160; United Kingdom 2,477 &#160; 2,569 &#160; Canada 2,389 &#160; 2,423 &#160; 

United States (1) 

1,782 &#160; 1,826 &#160; South Korea 1,532 &#160; 1,478 &#160; France 1,509 &#160; 1,533 &#160; Australia 1,088 &#160; 1,132 &#160; Japan 757 &#160; 782 &#160; Germany 645 &#160; 668 &#160; Chile 515 &#160; 544 &#160; Other Non-U.S. Corporate Securities 6,601 &#160; 6,811 &#160; Total $ 26,341 &#160; $ 26,789 &#160; ##TABLE_END

(1) The countries that are listed in the non-U.S. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. Non-U.S. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. 

Below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio 

Below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. Risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. Below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. Also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. At December 31, 2024, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 14 percent of our fixed income portfolio. Our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,600 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $178 million. 

We manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. The allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B. Fourteen external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. Our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. Holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. We monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Asbestos and Environmental (A&#38;E) 

Asbestos and environmental (A&#38;E) reserving considerations 

For asbestos, Chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. Claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured. 

Environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property or bodily injury as a result of pollution. 

The following table presents count information for asbestos claims and environmental claims by account, for direct policies only: 

##TABLE_START Asbestos Environmental 2024 2023 2024 &#160; 2023 Open at beginning of year 1,784 &#160; 1,795 1,109 &#160; 1,195 Newly reported/reopened 252 &#160; 230 135 &#160; 116 Closed or otherwise disposed 362 &#160; 241 192 &#160; 202 Open at end of year 1,674 &#160; 1,784 1,052 &#160; 1,109 ##TABLE_END

Survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (ALAE) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and ALAE payments for the three most recent calendar years (3-year survival ratio). 

The following table presents the gross and net 3-year survival ratios for Asbestos and Environmental loss and ALAE reserves: 

##TABLE_START (in years) Gross loss and ALAE reserves Net loss and ALAE reserves 

Asbestos 

4.1 &#160; 4.0 &#160; 

Environmental 

3.7 &#160; 4.3 &#160; ##TABLE_END

The survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. Therefore, we urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Catastrophe Management 

We activel y monitor and manage our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world from natural perils, which includes setting risk limits based on probable maximum loss (PML) and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance to ensure sufficient liquidity and capital to meet the expectations of regulators, rating agencies, and policyholders, and to provide shareholders with an appropriate risk-adjusted return. Chubb uses internal and external data together with sophisticated, analytical catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. The table below presents our modeled pre-tax estimates of natural catastrophe PML, net of reinsurance, at December 31, 2024, and does not represent our expected catastrophe losses for any one year. 

##TABLE_START Modeled Net Probable Maximum Loss (PML) Pre-tax Worldwide (1) 

U.S. Hurricane (2) 

California Earthquake (3) 

Annual Aggregate Annual Aggregate Single Occurrence (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) Chubb % of Total Chubb Shareholders&#8217; Equity Chubb % of Total Chubb Shareholders&#8217; Equity Chubb % of Total Chubb Shareholders&#8217; Equity 1-in-10 $ 2,882 &#160; 4.5 &#160; % $ 1,644 &#160; 2.6 &#160; % $ 169 &#160; 0.3 &#160; % 1-in-100 $ 5,543 &#160; 8.7 &#160; % $ 3,831 &#160; 6.0 &#160; % $ 1,894 &#160; 3.0 &#160; % 1-in-250 $ 8,697 &#160; 13.6 &#160; % $ 6,207 &#160; 9.7 &#160; % $ 2,173 &#160; 3.4 &#160; % ##TABLE_END

(1) Worldwide aggregate includes modeled losses arising from tropical cyclones, convective storms, earthquakes, wildfires, and inland floods a nd excludes "non-modeled" perils such as man-made and other catastrophe risks including pandemic. 

(2) U.S. hurricane modeled losses include losses from wind, storm-surge, and related precipitation-induced flooding. 

(3) California earthquake modeled losses include the fire-following sub-peril. 

The PML for worldwide and key U.S. peril regions are based on our in-force portfolio at October 1, 2024, and reflect the September 1, 2024, reinsurance program as well as inuring reinsurance protection coverage. As of April 1, 2024, we increased retention in North America by $500 million and increased limits by $1.7 billion. On August 31, 2024, a $500 million catastrophe treaty covering named windstorms and earthquakes within Northeast States expired and was not renewed. Refer to the Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance section for more information. These estimates assume that reinsurance recoverable is fully collectible. 

According to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our pre-tax annual aggregate losses incurred in any year from U.S. hurricane events could be in excess of $3,831 million (or 6.0 percent of total Chubb shareholders&#8217; equity at December 31, 2024). Effective March 31, 2024, our worldwide and U.S. Hurricane PMLs reflect the latest North Atlantic hurricane vulnerability model. 

The above estimates of Chubb&#8217;s loss profile are inherently uncertain for many reasons, including the following: 

&#8226; While the use of third-party modeling packages to simulate potential catastrophe losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate catastrophe losses. In particular, modeled catastrophe events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential; 

&#8226; There is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models, the running of the modeling software, and interpretation of loss output. These loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates; 

&#8226; The potential effects of climate change add to modeling complexity; and 

&#8226; Changing climate conditions could impact our exposure to natural catastrophe risks. Published studies by leading government, academic, and professional organizations combined with extensive research by Chubb climate scientists reveal the potential for increases in the frequency and severity of key natural perils such as tropical cyclones, inland flood, and wildfire. To understand the potential impacts on the Chubb portfolio, we have conducted stress tests on our peak exposure zone, namely in the U.S., using parameters outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Climate Change 2021 report. These parameters consider the impacts of climate change and the resulting climate peril impacts over a timescale relevant to our business. The tests are conducted by adjusting our baseline view of risk for the perils of hurricane, inland flood, and wildfire in the U.S. to reflect increases in frequency and severity across the modeled domains for each of these perils. Based on these tests against the Chubb portfolio we do not expect material impacts to our baseline 

PMLs from climate change through December 31, 2025. These tests reflect current exposures only and exclude potentially mitigating factors such as changes to building codes, public or private risk mitigation, regulation, and public policy. 

Man-made and other catastrophes 

We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from man-made catastrophes including terrorism, cyber-attack, financial events, and other catastrophe events, including pandemics. These events are inherently unpredictable and could impact a variety of our businesses, including commercial and personal lines, life insurance, A&#38;H, and reinsurance products. Our losses from these events could be substantial. 

Terrorism 

We offer terrorism coverage in the U.S. and in many other countries through various insurance products. We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures through set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios, the purchase of reinsurance, and the reliance on government-sponsored terrorism reinsurance programs. In the U.S., certain protections of our terrorism exposure are provided through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA). In 2024, TRIPRA covers 81 percent of insured losses above a deductible, estimated to be approximately $3.2 billion. Refer to &#8220;Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program&#8221; for information on our reinsurance protection purchased. At our largest exposure location in the U.S., our maximum modeled losses from a 10-ton truck-bomb explosion are estimated to be $2.4 billion pre-tax based on the exposures, net of reinsurance and TRIPRA, as of December 31, 2024. 

Cyber Insurance 

While frequency and severity trends are being managed through long-standing underwriting strategies, the potential catastrophe risk that aggregation of cyber exposures presents to insurers is unique and unprecedented. In contrast with natural catastrophe risks, catastrophic cyber event scenarios are not bound by time or geography. Further, catastrophic cyber perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. For these reasons, catastrophic cyber events have the inherent potential for significant economic loss. Although cyber risk does not represent a material component of our net premiums written and we engage in significant risk mitigation through our underwriting and use of reinsurance, we are exposed to material losses in the event of a systemic cyber-attack. 

Financial Risk 

The consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect our investment portfolio. Our investment portfolio is subject to credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. Our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. Our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. The volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business. 

Moreover, we have substantial exposure to insurance products which are sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions, such as our financial lines, surety, political risk, involuntary loss of employment (outside U.S.), and trade credit products. These products tend to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. The majority of our exposure in these products may be impacted by an adverse economic climate such as an economic recession or depression. If the financial condition of these insureds were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We monitor credit exposures to single counterparties and to sectors of interest from sources across our operations (e.g. investments, insurance products, reinsurance recoverable, bank deposits, letters of credit) and establish guidelines for credit risk exposure at the counterparty level. Our net income may be volatile because certain variable annuity reinsurance products sold expose us to fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions. 

Pandemic 

An outbreak of pandemic disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. The vast majority of our property and liability coverages do not provide coverage for pandemic claims. However, we are subject to the potential of aggregation of loss from coverages provided in our life, A&#38;H, and workers' compensation portfolios. We assess our direct pandemic exposure using stress scenarios that consider mortality, morbidity, and other causes of insured loss such as trip cancellation. Our assessment also incorporates the impact of a severe economic downturn which, as stated above under Financial Risk, includes an adverse impact to our investment portfolio and to our insurance products sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program 

Chubb&#8217;s core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our Global Reinsurance and Life Insurance segments). 

We regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. This may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program&#8217;s renewal date. In addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled PML assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations. 

Chubb renewed its Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program for our North American and International operations effective April 1, 2024, through March 31, 2025. The program consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by Chubb on a per occurrence basis. Chubb renewed its terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the United States from April 1, 2024, through March 31, 2025, with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement. 

##TABLE_START Loss Location Layer of Loss Comments Notes United States (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) 

$0 million &#8211; 

$1.75 billion 

Losses retained by Chubb (a) United States (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) 

$1.75 billion &#8211; 

$2.85 billion 

All natural perils and terrorism (b) United States (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) 

$2.85 billion &#8211; 

$4.0 billion 

All natural perils and terrorism (c) United States (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) 

$4.0 billion &#8211; 

$5.7 billion 

Named windstorm and earthquake International (including Alaska and Hawaii) 

$0 million &#8211; 

$225 million 

Losses retained by Chubb (a) International (including Alaska and Hawaii) 

$225 million &#8211; 

$1.325 billion 

All natural perils and terrorism (b) Alaska, Hawaii, and Canada 

$1.325 billion &#8211; 

$2.475 billion 

All natural perils and terrorism (c) ##TABLE_END

(a) Ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. These other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels. 

(b) These coverages are both part of the same First layer within the Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program and are fully placed with Reinsurers. 

(c) These coverages are both part of the same Second layer within the Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program and are fully placed with Reinsurers. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Political Risk and Credit Insurance 

Political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in emerging markets. We participate in this market through our Bermuda based wholly-owned subsidiary Sovereign Risk Insurance Ltd. (Sovereign), and through a unit of our London-based CGM operation. Chubb is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk and credit insurance, has a global portfolio spread across more than 150 countries and is also a member of The Berne Union. Our clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, private equity firms and multinational corporations. CGM writes political risk and credit insurance business out of underwriting offices in London, United Kingdom; Hamburg, Germany; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Singapore; Tokyo, Japan; and in the U.S. in the following locations: Chicago, New York, Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. 

Our political risk insurance products provide protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, cover investors against equity losses, and protect exporters against defaults on contracts. Commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. In addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover 

scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. Private equity investors and corporations cover their equity investments against financial losses, such as expropriatory events, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered political risk events. Our export contracts product provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by governmental entities. 

CGM's credit insurance businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. Our credit insurance product provides coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. It also provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments. CGM also has limited capacity for Specialist Credit insurance products which provide coverage for project finance and working capital loans for large corporations and banks. 

We have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk and credit insurance businesses. These include basic loss sharing features such as co-insurance and deductibles and, in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. Ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to mitigate losses and to agree on recovery strategies if a claim does materialize. We have the option to pay claims over the original loan repayment schedule, rather than in a lump sum, in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. It is important to note that political risk and credit policies are named peril conditional insurance contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. Political risk and credit insurance policies do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. In addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. These measures include placing country, credit, and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of quota share and excess of loss reinsurance protection as well as quarterly modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio. We have a dedicated Country and Credit Risk management team that is responsible for the portfolio. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Crop Insurance 

We are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the U.S. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of Rain and Hail. We provide protection throughout the U.S. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. Given its concentration of risk exposed to temperature, moisture, drought, hail, and the more frequent and severe storms associated with climate change, crop insurance is a business with catastrophe-like features. Our crop insurance business comprises two components - Multiple Peril Crop Insurance ( MPCI) and crop-hail insurance. 

The MPCI program, offered in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Agriculture&#8217;s Risk Management Agency (RMA), is a federal subsidized insurance program that covers revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, freeze, insects, and disease. These revenue products are defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages. Policies are available for various crops in different areas of the U.S. and generally have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. The USDA's Risk Management Agency (RMA) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. As a participant in the MPCI program, we report all details of policies to the RMA and are party to a Standard Reinsurance Agreement (SRA). The SRA sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation (FCIC) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions, which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. In addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the SRA, we purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our MPCI business to reduce our exposure. We may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure. 

Each year the RMA issues a final SRA for the subsequent reinsurance year (i.e., the 2025 SRA covers the 2025 reinsurance year from July 1, 2024, through June 30, 2025). There were no significant changes in the terms and conditions from the 2024 SRA and, therefore, the new SRA does not impact Chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2025. 

We recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable on our MPCI business, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the U.S. This allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. The MPCI program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us, and in certain cases the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. Once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. A majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the SRA in effect at the beginning of the year. Given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters. 

The pricing of MPCI premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility (i.e., both impact the amount of premium we can charge to the policyholder). For example, in most states, the pricing for the MPCI revenue product for corn (i.e., insurance coverage for lower than expected crop revenue in a given season) includes a factor based on the average commodity price in February. If corn commodity prices are higher in February, compared to the February price in the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the increase in price will increase the corn premium year-over-year. Pricing is also impacted by volatility factors, which measure the likelihood commodity prices will fluctuate over the crop year. For example, if volatility is set at a higher rate compared to the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the premium charged to the policyholder will be higher year-over-year for the same level of coverage. 

Losses incurred on the MPCI business are determined using both commodity price and crop yield. With respect to commodity price, there are two important periods on a large portion of the business: the month of February when the initial premium base is set, and the month of October when the final harvest price is set. If the price declines from February to October, with yield remaining at normal levels, the policyholder may be eligible to recover on the policy. However, in most cases there are deductibles on these policies, therefore, the impact of a decline in price would have to exceed the deductible before a policyholder would be eligible to recover. 

We evaluate our MPCI business at an aggregate level and the combination of all of our insured crops (both winter and summer) go into our underwriting gain or loss estimate in any given year. Typically, we do not have enough information on the harvest prices or crop yield outputs to quantify the preliminary estimated impact to our underwriting results until the fourth quarter. 

Our crop-hail program is a private offering. Premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. Given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters and the recognition of earned premium is also more heavily concentrated during this timeframe. We use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. The policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. We offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. We limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party reinsurance on our net retained hail business. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Liquidity 

Liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. As a holding company, Chubb Limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. In addition to net investment income, Chubb Limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments. Historically, dividends and other statutorily permitted payments have come primarily from Chubb's Bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our Bermuda subsidiaries. During 2024, in accordance with a plan of liquidation and conversion of Chubb INA Holdings Inc. (Chubb INA) to a limited liability company, Chubb Limited received $2.0 billion for the redemption of a portion of its ownership interest in Chubb INA. Chubb INA is expected to fully redeem, by the end of 2027, Chubb Limited's 20 percent ownership interest in Chubb INA. Our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. Funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends; to service debt; to purchase investments; and to fund acquisitions. 

We anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. Should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. Refer to &#8220;Credit Facilities&#8221; below for additional information. Our access to funds under the existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. Should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our 

business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. To date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility or establishing additional facilities when needed . 

To further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term investments. In addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. With respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. At December 31, 2024, the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of futures, options, and swaps, is 5.1 years, while the average expected duration of our insurance liabilities is 6.9 years. 

Despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. Potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. Because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the Chubb Group of Companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. As a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. If such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations. 

The payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. During 2024, we were able to meet all our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our Common Shares, with our net cash flows. 

We assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. Considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. Chubb Limited received dividends of $1.7 billion and $3.3 billion from its Bermuda subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Chubb Limited received cash dividends of $3 million and $28 million and non-cash dividends of $142 million and $291 million from Swiss subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Chubb Limited also received dividends of $91 million from its other international subsidiary in 2024. 

The U.S. insurance subsidiaries of Chubb INA may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). Chubb INA's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. These laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. Chubb Limited received no dividends from Chubb INA in 2024 and 2023. Debt issued by Chubb INA is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by Chubb INA's insurance subsidiaries to Chubb INA as well as other group resources. Chubb INA received cash dividends of $3.5 billion and $2.4 billion and non-cash dividends of $997 million and $170 million from its subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, Chubb INA recognized dividends of $27 million in 2024 from an international subsidiary. At December 31, 2024, the amount of dividends available to be paid to Chubb INA in 2025 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $3.8 billion. 

Cash Flows 

Our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. Generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. The irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. For additional information regarding estimates of future claim payments over the next twelve months, refer to our discussion of Cash Requirements within "Capital Resources". Sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. The following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2024 and 2023. 

Operating cash flows reflect Net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. Operating cash flows were $16.2 billion in 2024, compared to $12.6 billion in 2023. The increase of $3.6 billion is primarily due to higher net investment income and net premiums collected. The increase was partially offset by higher net losses paid, income taxes paid, and lower net proceeds from sales of consolidated investment products (CIP) from Huatai's asset management companies. 

Cash used for investing was $13.9 billion in 2024, compared to $7.6 billion in 2023. The increase of $6.3 billion is primarily due to higher net purchases of fixed maturities, short-term investments, and equity securities of $6.5 billion and an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of $504 million, reflecting the acquisition of Healthy Paws and additional equity purchases of Huatai Group. These amounts were partially offset by an increase in private equity distributions (net of contributions), of $1.2 billion. 

Cash used for financing was $2.2 billion in 2024, compared to $4.5 billion in 2023. The decrease of $2.3 billion is primarily from higher proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt (net of repayments) of $1.4 billion, lower common shares repurchased of $610 million, and lower net CIP-related distributions to third-parties of $612 million. These CIPs are related to Huatai's asset management companies. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on share repurchases. 

Both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. In many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss. 

We use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. At December 31, 2024, there were $2.7 billion, including variable interest entities balances of $815 million, in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months. 

In addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. The programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. In each program, participating Chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. Each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (U.S. dollars) and then notionally pooled. The bank extends overdraft credit to all participating Chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. Chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. Any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a Chubb entity would be guaranteed by Chubb Limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). Our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating Chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Capital Resources 

Capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations. 

##TABLE_START (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages) December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Short-term debt $ 800 &#160; $ 1,460 Long-term debt 14,379 &#160; 13,035 Total financial debt 15,179 &#160; 14,495 Trust preferred securities 309 &#160; 308 

Subordinated debt (1) 

110 &#160; &#8212; Total hybrid debt 

419 &#160; 308 Total Chubb shareholders&#8217; equity 64,021 &#160; 59,507 Total capitalization $ 79,619 &#160; $ 74,310 &#160; 

Ratio of financial debt to total capitalization (2) 

19.1 &#160; % 19.5 % 

Ratio of financial debt and hybrid debt to total capitalization (2) 

19.6 &#160; % 19.9 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Capital Supplementary Bonds issued by Huatai Life. 

(2) For purposes of calculating leverage ratios, Huatai debt is based on Chubb's share (excluding noncontrolling interest). 

The ratios of financial debt to total capitalization in the table above are lower at December 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, from the increase in shareholders' equity, principally reflecting strong net income. 

In March 2024, Chubb INA issued $1.0 billion of 5.00 percent senior notes due March 2034. Chubb INA's $700 million of 3.35 percent senior notes due May 2024 was paid upon maturity. In July 2024, Chubb INA issued $700 million of 4.65 percent senior notes due August 2029 and $600 million of 5.00 percent senior notes due March 2034. In November 2024, Huatai Life issued 800 million Chinese yuan renminbi ($111 million based on the foreign exchange rate at the date of issuance) of 2.90 percent senior notes due November 2034. These notes are classified as regulatory capital for local statutory purposes. Chubb INA's &#8364;700 million of 0.3 percent Euro denominated senior notes due December 2024 was paid upon maturity. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details about debt issued and debt redeemed. 

Repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the Consolidated balance sheets. The repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability to redeem the collateral on short notice, unlike short-term debt which comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments. 

We believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. Our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. We have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. We generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) shelf registration which is renewed every three years. This allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. We also have a shelf registration statement which allows us to issue an unlimited amount of certain classes of debt and equity from time to time. This shelf registration statement expires in October 2027. 

Securities Repurchases 

From time to time, we repurchase shares as part of our capital management program. On July 19, 2021, the Board of Directors (Board) authorized a one-time incremental share repurchase program of up to $5.0 billion of Chubb Common Shares effective through June 30, 2022. In May 2022, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of Chubb Common Shares effective through June 30, 2023. In June 2023, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 billion of Chubb's Common Shares effective July 1, 2023, with no expiration date. 

Share repurchases may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated repurchases and/or through option or other forward transactions. In 2024, 2023, and 2022 we repurchased $2.0 billion, $2.5 billion, and $3.0 billion, respectively, of Common Shares in a series of open market transactions under the Board share repurchase authorizations at an average per share price of $269.23, $209.52, and $201.96, respectively. For the period January 1, 2025, through February 26, 2025, we repurchased 543,782 Common Shares for a total of $148 million in a series of open market transactions under the share repurchase program authorization. At February 26, 2025, $1.5 billion in share repurchase authorization remained. 

Common Shares 

Our Common Shares had a par value of CHF 0.50 each at December 31, 2024. 

As of December 31, 2024, there were 18,922,323 Common Shares in treasury with a weighted-average cost of $186.22 per share. 

Under Swiss law, dividends must be stated in Swiss francs though dividend payments are made by Chubb in U.S. dollars. 

At our May 2024 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.64 per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.91 per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. The Board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2025 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its discretion. The first three quarterly installments each of $0.91 per share, have been distributed by the Board as expected. 

At our May 2023 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.44 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.86 per share at dates determined by the Board after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. 

Dividend distributions on Common Shares amounted to CHF 3.15 ($3.59) per share for the year ended December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our dividends. 

Cash Requirements 

Our cash requirements within the next twelve months include claims payable to claimants and other routine obligations typical to our business, as well as commitments related to our limited partnerships. We expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash on hand, cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. We believe these sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes. We believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis, if necessary. At December 31, 2024 , our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include: 

&#8226; Gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts - We are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified covered loss events. Total cash requirements are not determinable from underlying contracts and must be estimated. Gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are estimated at $84.1 billion with $23.8 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. These estimated gross loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. Given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss payments, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

&#8226; Estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits - Total estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits are estimated at $77.9 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, with $3.0 billion and $0.2 billion estimated due over the next twelve months, respectively. The total estimated payments are gross of fees or premiums due, while the liabilities presented on our Consolidated balance sheets are discounted and net of fees and premiums due. The timing and amount of actual payments may vary from the estimates. Refer to Note 1 l) and Note 9 for additional information on future policy benefits, and Note 1 m) and Note 11 for additional information on market risk benefits . 

&#8226; Short-term, Long-term, and Hybrid debt, and related interest payments - Total obligations for short-term, long-term, and hybrid debt maturities are $15.4 billion with $0.8 billion due over the next twelve months. Interest payments related to these obligations total $6.6 billion with $0.5 billion due over the next twelve months. These estimates are based on current exchange rates. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

&#8226; Commitments on invested assets - Total obligations for commitments related to our invested assets are $7.7 billion with $2.2 billion due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

&#8226; Deposit liabilities - Total obligations for deposit liabilities, including contract holder deposit funds, are $14.5 billion with $0.8 billion due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 1 o) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

&#8226; Repurchase agreements - We use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. At December 31, 2024 , there were $2.7 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

&#8226; Operating leases - Total obligations for operating leases are $1.4 billion with $0.2 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 14 j) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional informat ion. As of December 31, 2024, we have a lease commitment for office space that is not yet recorded on our Consolidated balance sheet and is not included in the total obligations referenced above. The lease is expected to commence in 2025 with an initial term of approximately 23 years. Total cash requirements are estimated at approximately $400 million over the term of the lease. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Ratings 

Chubb Limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including S&#38;P, AM Best, Moody's, and Fitch. The ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. Our Internet site (investors.chubb.com, under Financials/Financial Strength Ratings) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

Financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. Independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. The rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. These ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities. 

Credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt. It is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. If one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. In addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. Also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. In the event the S&#38;P or AM Best financial strength ratings of Chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries 

Chubb INA Holdings LLC (Subsidiary Issuer) is an indirect 100 percent-owned and consolidated subsidiary of Chubb Limited (Parent Guarantor). The Parent Guarantor fully and unconditionally guarantees certain of the debt of the Subsidiary Issuer. 

The following table presents the condensed balance sheets of Chubb Limited and Chubb INA Holdings LLC, after elimination of investment in any non-guarantor subsidiary: 

##TABLE_START Chubb Limited (Parent Guarantor) Chubb INA Holdings LLC (Subsidiary Issuer) December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Assets Investments $ &#8212; &#160; $ &#8212; $ 436 &#160; $ 103 Cash 383 &#160; 77 1,002 &#160; 3 Due from parent guarantor/subsidiary issuer 396 &#160; 441 &#8212; &#160; &#8212; Due from subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors 464 &#160; 539 592 &#160; 571 Other assets 13 &#160; 12 3,062 &#160; 2,785 Total assets $ 1,256 &#160; $ 1,069 $ 5,092 &#160; $ 3,462 Liabilities Due to parent guarantor/subsidiary issuer $ &#8212; &#160; $ &#8212; $ 396 &#160; $ 441 Due to subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors 231 &#160; 263 105 &#160; 593 Affiliated notional cash pooling programs 277 &#160; 594 &#8212; &#160; 455 Short-term debt &#8212; &#160; &#8212; 800 &#160; 1,460 Long-term debt &#8212; &#160; &#8212; 14,379 &#160; 13,035 Hybrid debt &#8212; &#160; &#8212; 309 &#160; 308 Other liabilities 868 &#160; 657 1,577 &#160; 1,496 Total liabilities 1,376 &#160; 1,514 17,566 &#160; 17,788 Total equity (120) (445) (12,474) (14,326) Total liabilities and equity $ 1,256 &#160; $ 1,069 $ 5,092 &#160; $ 3,462 ##TABLE_END

The following table presents the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss of Chubb Limited and Chubb INA Holdings LLC, excluding equity in earnings from non-guarantor subsidiaries: 

##TABLE_START Year Ended December 31, 2024 Chubb Limited (Parent Guarantor) Chubb INA Holdings LLC (Subsidiary Issuer) (in millions of U.S. dollars) 

Net investment income (expense) 

$ (22) $ (39) Net realized gains (losses) (17) 35 &#160; Administrative expenses 121 &#160; (12) Interest (income) expense (15) 492 &#160; Other (income) expense (47) (35) Income tax expense (benefit) 15 &#160; (185) 

Net loss 

$ (113) $ (264) 

Comprehensive loss 

$ (113) $ (394) ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Credit Facilities 

As our Bermuda subsidiaries are n on-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the U.S., the terms of certain U.S. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (LOCs). LOCs may also be used for general corporate purposes. 

Should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and to credit facilities. Our group syndicated credit facility has capacity of $3.0 billion and expires in October 2027. Our total letter of credit capacity is $4.1 billion, $3.0 billion of which can be used for revolving credit. At December 31, 2024, our usage under these facilities was $978 million in LOCs. Our access to credit under these facilities is dependent on the ability of the bank counterparties to meet their funding commitments. Should the existing credit providers on these facilities experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. To date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facilities or establishing additional facilities when needed. 

In the event we are required to provide alternative security to clients, the security could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. The value of LOCs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business. 

The facilities noted above require that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which have been met at December 31, 2024. These covenants are shown below including our actual values at December 31, 2024 : 

(i) a minimum consolidated net worth required by the group syndicated and other credit facilities, excluding noncontrolling interest, of not less than $41.959 billion and a minimum consolidated net worth required by one remaining credit facility, excluding noncontrolling interest, of not less than $52.819 billion (Actual is $72.7 billion); and 

(ii) a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1 (Actual is 0.19 to 1) 1 . 

1. As calculated under the covenant, the ratio excludes the fair value adjustment of debt acquired through the Chubb Corp acquisition and noncontrolling interest. 

Our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. This could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize LOCs under such facility. Our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility. 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END



Instruction: 
According to the given information, describe the performance highlights for each company's business line.
Each business description should contain one sentence of a summarization and one sentence of explanation.
