Resource: Resource: Company Name: Walmart Inc.

Business summary:
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS ##TABLE_END

General 

Walmart Inc. ("Walmart," the "Company" or "we") is a people-led, technology-powered omni-channel retailer dedicated to helping people around the world save money and live better by providing the opportunity to shop in both retail stores and through eCommerce, and to access our other service offerings. Through innovation, we strive to continuously improve a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates our eCommerce and retail stores in an omni-channel offering that saves time for our customers. Each week, we serve approximately 270 million customers who visit more than 10,750 stores and numerous eCommerce websites in 19 countries. 

Our strategy is to make every day easier for busy families, operate with discipline, sharpen our culture and become more digital, and make trust a competitive advantage. Making life easier for busy families includes our commitment to price leadership, which has been and will remain a cornerstone of our business, as well as increasing convenience to save our customers time. By leading on price, we earn the trust of our customers every day by providing a broad assortment of quality merchandise and services at everyday low prices ("EDLP"). EDLP is our pricing philosophy under which we price items at a low price every day so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional activity. Everyday low cost ("EDLC") is our commitment to control expenses so our cost savings can be passed along to our customers. 

Our operations comprise three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S. Our fiscal year ends on January 31 for our United States ("U.S.") and Canadian operations. We consolidate all other operations generally using a one-month lag and on a calendar year basis. Our discussion is as of, and for the fiscal years ended, January 31, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"), January 31, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") and January 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023"). During fiscal 2025, we generated total revenues of $681.0 billion, which primarily comprised net sales of $674.5 billion. 

We maintain our principal offices in Bentonville, Arkansas. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "WMT." 

The Development of Our Company 

The businesses conducted by our founders began in 1945 when Sam M. Walton opened a franchise Ben Franklin variety store in Newport, Arkansas. In 1946, his brother, James L. Walton, opened a similar store in Versailles, Missouri. Until 1962, our founders' business was devoted entirely to the operation of variety stores, at which time we began to open discount stores. We completed our initial public offering in 1970. In 1983, we opened our first Sam's Club, and in 1988, we opened our first supercenter. In 1998, we opened our first Walmart Neighborhood Market. In 1991, we began our first international initiative when we entered into a joint venture in Mexico and, as of January 31, 2025, our Walmart International segment conducted business in 18 countries. 

In 1996, we began our first eCommerce initiative by creating both walmart.com and samsclub.com. Since then, our eCommerce presence has continued to grow. In 2007, leveraging our physical stores, walmart.com launched its Site-to-Store service, enabling customers to make a purchase online and pick up merchandise in stores. To date, we now have over 8,000 pickup and delivery locations globally. In 2018, we expanded our eCommerce and digital presence through acquisitions with our majority stakes in Flipkart and PhonePe in India. We continue to heavily invest in omni-channel and eCommerce innovation, which enables us to leverage technology, talent and expertise, and expand our assortment and service offerings. 

We are enhancing our omni-channel capabilities through a combination of stores, eCommerce websites and service offerings, as well as our supply chain, combined with approximately 2.1 million associates as of January 31, 2025, to better serve our customers. Together, these elements produce a global retail ecosystem that we believe allows customers to view Walmart as their primary retail destination. In the U.S., our Walmart+ membership incorporates several service offerings which provide enhanced omni-channel shopping experiences and benefits for members. As we execute on our strategy globally, our business is expanding through offerings such as advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, and financial services. These offerings represent mutually reinforcing pieces of our omni-channel model centered on our customers around the world who are increasingly seeking convenience. 

Information About Our Segments 

We are engaged in global operations of retail, wholesale and other units, as well as eCommerce, located throughout the U.S., Africa, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India and Mexico. Our operations are conducted in three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club U.S., which are further described below. Each segment contributes to the Company's operating results differently. However, each has generally maintained a consistent contribution rate to the Company's net sales in recent years other than minor changes to the contribution rate for the Walmart International segment due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic information is contained in Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Walmart U.S. Segment 

Walmart U.S. is our largest segment and operates 4,605 stores in the U.S., including in all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Walmart U.S. is a mass merchandiser of consumer products, operating under the "Walmart" and "Walmart Neighborhood Market" brands, including walmart.com. Walmart U.S. had net sales of $462.4 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 69% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $441.8 billion and $420.6 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Omni-channel. Walmart U.S. provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce. Substantially all our stores provide same-day pickup and delivery, including offerings such as express delivery within 90 minutes, in-home delivery and digital pharmacy fulfillment options. Our Walmart+ membership offering provides enhanced omni-channel shopping benefits including unlimited free shipping on eligible items with no order minimum, unlimited delivery from store, fuel discounts, mobile Scan &#38; Go and access to additional member benefits. The following table provides the approximate size of our retail stores as of January 31, 2025: 

##TABLE_START Minimum Square Feet Maximum Square Feet Average Square Feet Supercenters (general merchandise and grocery) 69,000 260,000 178,000 Discount stores (general merchandise and limited grocery) 30,000 206,000 105,000 

Neighborhood markets (1) (grocery) 

28,000 65,000 42,000 ##TABLE_END

(1) Excludes other small formats. 

Merchandise and Other Offerings. Walmart U.S. does business primarily in three strategic merchandise units, listed below: 

&#8226; Grocery consists of a full line of grocery items, including dry grocery, snacks, dairy, meat, produce, deli and bakery, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, pet supplies, household chemicals, paper goods and baby products; 

&#8226; General merchandise includes: 

&#9702; Entertainment (e.g., electronics, toys, seasonal merchandise, wireless, video games, movies, music and books); 

&#9702; Hardlines (e.g., automotive, hardware and paint, sporting goods, outdoor living and stationery); 

&#9702; Fashion (e.g., apparel for adults and children, as well as shoes, jewelry and accessories); and 

&#9702; Home (e.g., housewares and small appliances, bed and bath, furniture and home organization, home furnishings, home decor, fabrics and crafts). 

&#8226; Health and wellness includes pharmacy, over-the-counter drugs and other medical products, and optical services. 

Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability. 

Brand name merchandise represents a significant portion of the merchandise sold in Walmart U.S. We also market lines of merchandise under our private brands, including brands such as: "Allswell," "Athletic Works," "bettergoods," "Equate," "Free Assembly," "Freshness Guaranteed," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Hyper Tough," "Mainstays," "Marketside," "No Boundaries," "onn.," "Ozark Trail," "Parent's Choice," "Sam's Choice," "Scoop," "Spring Valley," "Time and Tru," "Way to Celebrate" and "Wonder Nation." The Company also markets lines of merchandise under licensed brands, some of which include: "Avia," "Better Homes &#38; Gardens," "Sofia Jeans by Sofia Vergara," and "The Pioneer Woman." 

Other offerings in the Walmart U.S. business include in-house advertising for brands and online marketplace sellers, supply chain and fulfillment capabilities to online marketplace sellers, and data analytics and insights for merchants and suppliers. Additional offerings include fuel, financial services and related products such as money orders, prepaid access, money transfers, check cashing, bill payment and certain types of installment lending. 

Distribution. We continue to invest in supply chain automation and utilize a total of 164 distribution facilities which are located strategically throughout the U.S. For fiscal 2025, the majority of Walmart U.S.'s purchases of store merchandise were shipped through these facilities, while most of the remaining store merchandise we purchased was shipped directly from suppliers. General merchandise and dry grocery merchandise is transported primarily through the segment's private truck fleet; however, we contract with common carriers to transport the majority of our perishable grocery merchandise. We ship merchandise purchased by customers on our eCommerce platforms by a number of methods from multiple locations by leveraging our ability to deliver directly from stores and shipping from our 29 dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers. 

Walmart International Segment 

Walmart International is our second largest segment and operates 5,566 stores across 18 countries outside of the U.S. Walmart International operates through our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Canada, Chile, China, and Africa (which includes Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, and Zambia), and our majority-owned subsidiaries in India, as well as Mexico and Central America (which includes Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua). 

Walmart International includes numerous formats divided into two major categories: retail and wholesale. These categories consist of many formats, including: supercenters, supermarkets, warehouse clubs (including our membership-only Sam's Club format) and cash and carry, as well as eCommerce through websites and mobile applications, including walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com, PhonePe and other sites. Walmart International had net sales of $121.9 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 18% of our fiscal 2025 consolidated net sales, and had net sales of $114.6 billion and $101.0 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Walmart International's strategy is to bring Walmart to the world and the world to Walmart, which means we help millions of customers and members save money and live better every day by leveraging our global ecosystem and deep local expertise to provide access to affordable products and services. In addition, we share what we learn in our markets to help the enterprise innovate and grow even faster. We are being deliberate about where and how we choose to operate and continue to re-shape the portfolio to best enable long-term, sustainable and profitable growth. As such, we have taken certain strategic actions to strengthen our Walmart International portfolio for the long-term, which include the following highlights over the last three years: 

&#8226; Bought out the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary in November 2022 and exited operations in certain countries in Africa. 

&#8226; Increased our ownership in PhonePe, our digital payments platform in India, as part of the separation from Flipkart in December 2022. 

&#8226; Sold our equity investment in JD.com in August 2024. 

Omni-channel. Walmart International provides a convenient and seamless omni-channel experience to customers, integrating retail stores and eCommerce, such as through our pickup and delivery services in most of our markets, including same-day delivery. We continue to expand our marketplace offerings, which also further unlocks fulfillment and advertising services. 

Generally, retail units' selling areas range in size from 1,400 square feet to 186,000 square feet. Our wholesale stores' selling areas generally range in size from 25,000 square feet to 158,000 square feet. As of January 31, 2025, Walmart International had approximately 2,900 pickup and delivery locations. 

Merchandise and Other Offerings. The merchandising strategy for Walmart International is similar to that of our operations in the U.S. in terms of the breadth and scope of merchandise offered for sale. While brand name merchandise accounts for a majority of our sales, we have both leveraged U.S. private brands and developed market specific private brands to serve our customers with high quality, low priced items. Along with the private brands we market globally, such as "Equate," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Mainstays," "Marketside" and "Parent's Choice," our international markets have developed market specific brands including "Aurrera" and "Lider." In addition, we have developed and continue to grow our relationships with regional and local suppliers in each market to ensure reliable sources of quality merchandise that is equal to national brands at low prices. 

Consistent with its strategy, Walmart International continues to build mutually reinforcing businesses in areas such as advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, financial services and healthcare. Our businesses in Mexico and Canada, for example, offer prepaid cards and money transfers, and our PhonePe business in India continues to grow, providing a platform that offers mobile and bill payment, person-to-person (P2P) payment, investment and insurance solutions, financial services and advertising. In Mexico, we also offer a value-based internet and telephone service enhancing customer experiences through digital connectivity. 

Distribution. We utilize a total of 184 distribution facilities located in Canada, Central America, Chile, China, India, Mexico and Africa. Through these facilities, we process and distribute both imported and domestic products to the operating units of the Walmart International segment. During fiscal 2025, the majority of Walmart International's purchases passed through these distribution facilities. Suppliers ship the remainder of Walmart International's purchases directly to our stores in the various markets in which we operate. Across the segment, we have efficient networks connecting physical stores and distribution and fulfillment centers, which facilitate the movement of goods to where our customers live. 

Sam's Club U.S. Segment 

Sam's Club U.S. is a membership-only club that operates 600 clubs in 44 states in the U.S. and Puerto Rico and also operates samsclub.com. Sam's Club U.S. had net sales of $90.2 billion for fiscal 2025, representing 13% of our consolidated fiscal 2025 net sales, and had net sales of $86.2 billion and $84.3 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a membership-only club, membership income is a significant component of the segment's operating income. 

Membership. The following two options are available to members: 

##TABLE_START Plus Membership Club Membership Annual Membership Fee $110 $50 Number of Add-on Memberships ($45 each) Up to 16 Up to 8 ##TABLE_END

All memberships include a spouse/household card at no additional cost. Club members are eligible for free curbside pickup with orders of $50 or greater. Plus members receive free curbside pickup, free delivery-from-club and free shipping on orders of $50 or greater, exclusive discounts and convenience offers, and the ability to shop before regular shopping hours. Beginning in fiscal 2023, Sam's Club U.S. launched a rewards program through which members may earn Sam's Cash on purchases that can be redeemed for cash, used for purchases, or used to pay membership fees. 

Omni-channel. Sam's Club U.S. provides a fast and seamless omni-channel experience to members, integrating physical clubs and eCommerce. Curbside pickup provides fast, easy and contact-free shopping for members; Scan &#38; Go mobile checkout and payment solution allows members to bypass the checkout line; and Just Go, launched in fiscal 2025, provides members with a friction-free exit experience. The warehouse facility sizes generally range between 94,000 and 168,000 square feet, with an average size of approximately 134,000 square feet. 

Merchandise. Sam's Club U.S. offers merchandise in the following four merchandise categories: 

&#8226; Grocery consists of dairy, meat, bakery, deli, produce, dry, chilled or frozen packaged foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, floral, snack foods, candy, other grocery items, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, paper goods, laundry and home care, baby care, pet supplies and other consumable items; 

&#8226; General merchandise includes home, hardlines and seasonal items (such as home improvement, outdoor living, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, tools and power equipment, housewares, toys and mattresses), as well as technology and entertainment items (such as consumer electronics and accessories, software, video games, office supplies, appliances and third-party gift cards); 

&#8226; Health and wellness includes pharmacy, optical and hearing services, over-the-counter drugs; and protein and nutrition; and 

&#8226; Fuel and other categories. 

Within the categories above, the Member's Mark private label brand continues to expand its assortment and deliver member value. Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous periods' presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability. 

Distribution. Sam's Club U.S. utilizes 31 dedicated distribution facilities located strategically throughout the U.S., as well as some of the Walmart U.S. segment's distribution facilities which service the Sam's Club U.S. segment for certain items. Sam's Club U.S. uses a combination of our private truck fleet, as well as common carriers, to transport perishable and non-perishable merchandise from distribution facilities to clubs. During fiscal 2025, the majority of Sam's Club U.S.'s non-fuel club purchases were shipped from these facilities, while the remainder of our purchases were shipped directly to Sam's Club U.S. locations by suppliers. Sam's Club U.S. ships merchandise purchased on samsclub.com and through its mobile applications by a number of methods including shipments made directly from clubs, 14 dedicated eCommerce fulfillment centers and other distribution centers. 

Other Information 

Competition. We compete with brick and mortar, eCommerce and omni-channel retailers operating discount, department, retail and wholesale grocery, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, and supercenter-type stores, membership-only warehouse clubs, gasoline stations, social commerce platforms, as well as companies that offer services in digital advertising, fulfillment and delivery services, health and wellness and financial services. Our ability to develop and effectively operate different formats at the right locations and to deliver a customer-centric omni-channel experience largely determines our competitive position in the retail industry within the markets where we operate. Each of these landscapes is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and new business models and the entry of new, well-funded competitors continue to intensify this competition. Some of our competitors have longer histories in these lines of business, more customers and greater brand recognition. They may be able to obtain more favorable terms from suppliers and business partners and to devote greater resources to the development of these businesses. In addition, for eCommerce and other internet-based businesses, newer or smaller businesses may be better able to innovate and compete with us. 

We compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise and selection availability, services offered to customers, the quality of the products and services we offer, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our digital platforms, cost and speed of and options for delivery to customers of merchandise purchased through our digital platforms or through our omni-channel integration of our physical and digital operations. We employ many strategies and programs designed to meet competitive pressures within our industry. These strategies include the following: 

&#8226; EDLP: our pricing philosophy under which we price items at everyday low prices so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional activity; 

&#8226; EDLC: everyday low cost is our commitment to control expenses so our cost savings can be passed along to our customers; 

&#8226; Omni-channel offerings such as pickup and delivery, all of which enhance convenience and seek to serve customers in the ways they want to be served; and 

&#8226; Expanding our ecosystem and the products and services we offer in areas such as digital advertising, marketplace and fulfillment services, health and wellness, and financial services to provide our customers a broader set of offerings to meet expanding needs. 

Seasonal Aspects of Operations. Our business is seasonal to a certain extent and varies by country due to different national and religious holidays, festivals and customs, as well as different weather patterns. Historically, our highest sales volume for each segment has occurred in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. 

Suppliers and Supply Chain. As a retailer and warehouse club operator, we utilize a global supply chain that includes both U.S. and international suppliers from whom we purchase the merchandise that we sell in our stores, clubs and online. In many instances, we purchase merchandise from producers located near the stores and clubs in which such merchandise will be sold, particularly products in the "fresh" category. Consistent with applicable laws, we offer our suppliers the opportunity to efficiently sell significant quantities of their products to us. These relationships enable us to obtain pricing that reflects the volume, certainty and cost-effectiveness these arrangements provide to such suppliers, which in turn enables us to provide low prices to our customers. Our suppliers are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker safety laws and other applicable laws. Our ability to acquire from our suppliers the assortment and volume of products we wish to offer to our customers, to receive those products within the required time through our supply chain and to distribute those products to our stores and clubs, determines, along with other supply chain logistics matters (such as containers or port access for example), in part, our in-stock levels in our stores and clubs and the attractiveness of our merchandise assortment we offer to our customers and members. 

Intellectual Property. We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success, and with respect to our associates, customers and others, we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We have registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of U.S. and international domain names, trademarks, service marks and copyrights. Additionally, we have filed U.S. and international patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights to third parties. 

Government Regulation. As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. For additional information, see the risk factors herein in " Item 1A. Risk Factors " under the sub-caption "Legal, Tax, Regulatory, Compliance, Reputational and Other Risks." 

Our Shared Value Priorities 

We seek to operate our business in a way that creates shared value: We believe we maximize long-term value and create competitive advantage for the Company by delivering for our stakeholders, including our customers, associates, shareholders, suppliers, business partners and communities. We believe that addressing their needs builds the value of our business, including by enhancing trust, creating new business opportunities, managing cost and risk, building capabilities for future advantage and strengthening the underlying systems on which we rely. 

We prioritize issues that offer the greatest potential for Walmart to create long-term shared value: Issues that rank high in relevance to our business, importance to building and maintaining stakeholder trust and in which Walmart has the ability to be an effective actor. Our current priorities are categorized into four broad themes: opportunity, sustainability, community and ethics and integrity. 

&#8226; Opportunity . We believe that promoting economic opportunity helps Walmart attract and retain the talent we need to run our business, respond to customer needs, and promote economic resilience in the places where we operate. Our approach includes creating opportunities for Walmart associates (as further described in the Human Capital Management section below), our suppliers, workers in supply chains and the communities we serve. We offer good entry-level jobs in addition to multiple career pathways; endeavor to cultivate a culture of belonging&#8212;rooted in respect for the individual&#8212;where associates and customers feel seen, supported and connected; and provide tens of thousands of local, national and global suppliers the opportunity to grow with us. 

&#8226; Sustainability . Walmart's sustainability efforts endeavor to create and preserve long-term business value through increasing the efficiency and resilience of our operations, promoting surety of supply, sourcing responsibly and enhancing our product assortment. With respect to people, we aim to respect the dignity of people throughout our supply chain, create economic opportunity for people working in supply chains, and sell safer, healthier products. With respect to the environment, our efforts aim to enhance the sustainability of product supply chains; preserve, protect, and restore nature; reduce waste; procure renewable sources of energy; and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 

&#8226; Community . We believe that Walmart thrives in strong, resilient communities, and we endeavor to help communities thrive. We aim to strengthen communities by providing convenient access to affordable, quality goods and services through our omni-channel retail model and everyday low prices; contributing to the economic vitality of communities by providing quality jobs, training and career paths; investing in local suppliers; and supporting organizations and causes that matter to our customers and associates. 

&#8226; Ethics and Integrity . We believe that people want to work for and do business with a company they can trust, and Walmart works to create a culture that inspires trust with our stakeholders. We seek to achieve this, by focusing on promoting ethics and compliance, governance and oversight, responsibly engaging in public policy activities, using data and technology responsibly and respecting human rights. 

We periodically publish information on our shared value priorities, strategies, progress, and challenges on the environmental, social and governance (" ESG") reporting section of our corporate website and may update those disclosures from time to time. Nothing on our website, including our ESG reporting, documents or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the SEC. 

Human Capital Management 

Our associates &#8211; powered by technology &#8211; play a critical role in delivering on our purpose to help people save money and live better. Our business is focused on serving people and this is delivered by our approximately 2.1 million associates around the world with approximately 1.6 million associates in the U.S. and approximately 0.5 million associates internationally. In the U.S., approximately 92% of our associates are hourly and approximately 68% of our associates are full-time. 

We believe our people make the difference, and we are focused on investing in the growth and well-being of our associates, investing in digital experiences to improve their quality of work and creating a culture of belonging. An important part of our focus is to provide opportunities for associates to grow and learn. For some, we are a foundational entry point to develop critical skills that are relevant for a variety of careers. We are focused on developing, rewarding and retaining associates in an ever-changing environment. Our people ultimately make Walmart a better place to work and a better place to shop. Our workforce strategy includes the following strategic priorities: belonging, well-being, growth and digital. 

Belonging - Focus on creating a workplace where all associates feel seen, supported and connected through a culture of belonging. We publish our workforce representation and hold ourselves accountable to providing recurring belonging updates to senior leadership &#8211; including our President and CEO &#8211; and members of the Board of Directors. Of the approximately 2.1 million associates employed worldwide, 51% are women. In the U.S., 51% of the approximately 1.6 million associates are people of color. 

Our Belonging focus aims to create opportunities for everyone, so that every eligible and qualified individual can thrive and perform. We regularly review our processes around fair-pay practices and are committed to creating a performance culture where associates are rewarded based on meaningful factors such as qualifications, experience, performance and the work they do. 

To build a company where associates feel seen, supported and connected, we gather and respond to associate feedback in a variety of ways, including in-person dialogue; leadership visits and listening sessions; surveys like our associate engagement survey and monthly pulse surveys; and always-on confidential channels, including our Open Door processes and ethics channels. 

Well-being - Prioritize the emotional, physical and financial well-being of associates. We invest in our associates by offering competitive wages, as well as a broad range of benefits to meet the diverse needs of our global associate population and their eligible dependents. In the U.S., this includes company-paid benefits such as 401(k) match, family building benefits, maternity leave, fertility benefits, a paid parental leave program to all full-time associates, paid time off, Associate Stock Purchase Plan match, life insurance, medical coverage (including supporting associates with a U.S. Medical Plan with free virtual visits for medical doctor urgent care), behavioral and mental health services (including virtual care with psychiatrists and psychologists), a Walmart discount card or Sam's Club membership and predictable scheduling that helps associates plan for life outside of work and know what to expect in their paychecks. 

Additional information about how we invest in our associates' well-being, including wage structure and pay, can be found in the Our People brief in our most recent ESG reporting, which is available on our corporate website. Nothing on our website, including our ESG reporting documents, or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the SEC. Certain information relating to retirement-related benefits we provide to our associates is included in Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Growth - Provide ongoing growth, development and learning opportunities for associates and continue to attract talent with new skills. We are invested in the growth of our associates &#8211; in support of our business and their success &#8211; by offering good entry-level jobs in addition to multiple career pathways that lead to great careers and better lives. 

Approximately 75% of our U.S. salaried store, club and supply chain management started their careers in hourly positions. Our focus on providing a path of opportunity for our associates through robust training, competitive wages and benefits and career mobility creates a strong associate value proposition and strengthens our workforce. In the U.S., we seek to enable these pathways through programs like Walmart Academy, Live Better U ("LBU"), and other various associate training programs. Walmart Academy offers training for on-the-job retail skills, leadership and well-being, serving our associates through a combination of digital and in-person offerings. Additionally, our LBU program provides access to educational opportunities for our eligible part-time and full-time associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, allowing associates the opportunity to learn critical skills in order to promote into in-demand jobs within the company through high school diplomas, short-form certificates and credentials or college degrees. 

Digital - Drive a digital transformation that improves the associate experience and powers the business . To deliver a seamless customer and associate experience, we continue to invest in consumer-grade digital tools designed to improve associate productivity, efficiency, engagement, and performance &#8212; and these capabilities have been expanded to some international markets. This allows associates to share real-time feedback and spend more time generating new ideas, developing strategy, and building relationships. 

Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information 

Our corporate website is located at www.stock.walmart.com. We file with, or furnish to, the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings, our Reporting Protocols for Senior Financial Officers and our Code of Conduct can be found on our website at www.stock.walmart.com. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or calling our Investor Relations Department, which is located at our principal offices. 

A description of any substantive amendment or waiver of Walmart's Reporting Protocols for Senior Financial Officers or our Code of Conduct for our chief executive officer, our chief financial officer and our controller, who is our principal accounting officer, will be disclosed on our website at www.stock.walmart.com under the Corporate Governance section. Any such description will be located on our website for a period of 12 months following the amendment or waiver. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

The following chart names the executive officers of the Company as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, each of whom is elected by, and serves at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. The business experience shown for each officer has been his or her principal occupation for at least the past five years, unless otherwise noted. 

##TABLE_START Name Business Experience Current Position Held Since Age Daniel J. Bartlett Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, effective June 2013. From November 2007 to June 2013, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of U.S. Operations at Hill &#38; Knowlton, Inc., a public relations company. 

2013 53 Rachel Brand Executive Vice President, Global Governance, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, effective April 2018. From May 2017 to February 2018, she served as Associate Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice. 2018 51 David M. Chojnowski Senior Vice President and Controller effective January 2017. From October 2014 to January 2017, he served as Vice President and Controller, Walmart U.S. 2017 55 John Furner Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart U.S. effective November 2019. From February 2017 until November 2019, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer, Sam's Club U.S. 

2019 50 Suresh Kumar Executive Vice President, Global Chief Technology Officer and Chief Development Officer effective July 2019. From February 2018 until June 2019, Mr. Kumar was Vice President and General Manager at Google LLC. 2019 60 Kathryn McLay Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart International, effective August 2023. From 2019 to 2023, she served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sam's Club U.S. From February 2019 to November 2019, she served as Executive Vice President, Walmart U.S. Neighborhood Markets. From December 2015 until February 2019, she served as Senior Vice President, U.S. Supply Chain. 

2023 51 C. Douglas McMillon President and Chief Executive Officer, effective February 2014. From February 2009 to January 2014, he served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart International. 2014 58 Donna Morris Executive Vice President, Global People, and Chief People Officer, effective February 2020. From April 2002 to January 2020, she worked at Adobe Inc. in various roles, including most recently, Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. 

2020 57 

Christopher Nicholas 

Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sam's Club U.S. effective September 2023. From October 2021 to September 2023, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Walmart U.S. From February 2021 until October 2021, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Walmart U.S. From January 2020 until February 2021, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Walmart International. He joined the Company in August 2018 as Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Walmart International. 

2023 48 John David Rainey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 2022. From September 2015 to June 2022, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Customer Operations for PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

2022 54 ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ##TABLE_END

Overview 

This discussion, which presents our results for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"), January 31, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") and January 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023"), should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. We intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. We also discuss certain performance metrics that management uses to assess the Company's performance. Additionally, the discussion provides information about the financial results of each of the three segments of our business to provide a better understanding of how each of those segments and its results of operations affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as a whole. 

Throughout this Item 7, we discuss segment operating income, comparable store and club sales and other measures. Management measures the results of the Company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. From time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. 

Management also measures the results of comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, for a particular period from the corresponding prior year period. Walmart's definition of comparable sales includes sales from stores and clubs open for the previous 12 months, including remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions, as well as eCommerce sales. We measure the eCommerce sales impact by including all sales initiated digitally, including omni-channel transactions which are fulfilled through our stores and clubs as well as certain other business offerings that are part of our ecosystem, such as our advertising net sales. Sales at a store that has changed in format are excluded from comparable sales when the conversion of that store is accompanied by a relocation or expansion that results in a change in the store's retail square feet of more than 5%. Sales related to divested businesses are excluded from comparable sales, and sales related to acquisitions are excluded until such acquisitions have been owned for 12 months. Comparable sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry. The method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our calculation of comparable sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

In discussing our operating results, the term currency exchange rates refers to the currency exchange rates we use to convert the operating results for countries where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar into U.S. dollars. We calculate the effect of changes in currency exchange rates as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. Additionally, no currency exchange rate fluctuations are calculated for non-USD acquisitions until owned for 12 months. Throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. Volatility in currency exchange rates have impacted and may continue to impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the Company and the Walmart International segment. 

We have taken certain strategic actions across our segments, including an increased emphasis on investments in automation and supply chain as well as diversifying our earnings streams through category and business mix. In December 2024, the Walmart U.S. segment completed the acquisition of VIZIO Holding Corp. for net cash consideration of $1.9 billion. Additionally, we have taken actions in the Walmart International segment to reshape our portfolio including the following highlights over the last three years: 

&#8226; In November 2022, we completed the buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary (Refer to Note 3 ) and in December 2022, we exited operations in certain countries in Africa. 

&#8226; In December 2022, we increased our ownership in PhonePe as part of the separation from our majority-owned Flipkart subsidiary. Refer to Note 3 . 

&#8226; In August 2024, we sold our equity investment in JD.com for net proceeds of $3.6 billion. Refer to Note 8 . 

We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as eCommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising and data service businesses. Many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or eCommerce presence. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather and other risks related to climate change, global health epidemics and pandemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, disruptions in supply chain, inventory management, cost and availability of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, inflation, deflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic 

conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor availability and costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. Further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our Company and an investment in its securities can be found herein under " Item 1A. Risk Factors ." 

We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low 

costs. Our net sales and gross profit margin are influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. Those pricing strategies include but are not limited to: absorbing cost increases instead of passing those cost increases on to our customers and members; reducing prices in certain merchandise categories; focusing on opening price points for certain food categories; and when necessary, passing cost increases on to our customers and members. Merchandising strategies include, but are not limited to: working with our suppliers to reduce product costs and share in absorbing cost increases; focusing on private label brands and smaller pack sizes; earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes or moderating purchasing in certain categories; and securing ocean carrier and container capacity. These strategies have and may continue to impact gross profit as a percentage of net sales. 

We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends; tariffs and trade restrictions; fluctuations in global currencies; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; and supply chain pressures, any of which may impact our results. For a detailed discussion on results of operations by reportable segment, refer to " Results of Operations " below. 

Company Performance Metrics 

We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. At times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. We define our financial priorities as follows: 

&#8226; Growth - serve customers through a seamless omni-channel experience; 

&#8226; Margin - improve our operating income margin through productivity initiatives as well as category and business mix; and 

&#8226; Returns - improve our Return on Investment through margin improvement and disciplined capital spend. 

Growth 

Our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. This includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club U.S. and through Walmart+, accelerating eCommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy. 

Comparable sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including eCommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in the previous year. The retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). To be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. However, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar, which may result in differences when compared to comparable sales using the retail calendar. We report on comparable sales in the U.S. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the U.S. retail market where there is a single currency, one inflationary market and generally consistent store and club formats from year to year. 

Calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for fiscal 2025 and 2024, were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, &#160; 2025 2024 2025 2024 &#160; With Fuel Fuel Impact Walmart U.S. 4.8% 5.5% (0.1)% (0.1)% 

Sam's Club U.S. 

4.7% 2.3% (1.5)% (2.6)% Total U.S. 4.8% 4.9% (0.3)% (0.6)% ##TABLE_END

Comparable sales in the U.S., including fuel, increased 4.8% and 4.9% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. Walmart U.S. comparable sales increased 4.8% and 5.5% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. For fiscal 2025, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. For fiscal 2024, comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness.Walmart U.S. eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.9% and 2.6% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by store-fulfilled pickup and delivery. 

Comparable sales at Sam's Club U.S. increased 4.7% and 2.3% in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. For fiscal 2025, Sam's Club U.S. comparable sales increased due to growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Sam's Club U.S. comparable sales for fiscal 2024 increased due to growth in transactions and average ticket, 

including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Additionally, fiscal 2025 and 2024 growth was partially offset by lower fuel sales primarily due to lower market prices. Sam's Club U.S. eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.3% and 1.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by club-fulfilled curbside pickup and delivery. 

Margin 

Our objective of prioritizing margin focuses on growth with a focus on incremental margin accretion through a combination of productivity improvements as well as category and business mix. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative ("operating") expenses. Additionally, we focus on our mix of businesses, including expanding our ecosystem in higher margin areas, such as digital advertising and marketplace. Our objective is to achieve operating income leverage, which we define as growing operating income at a faster rate than net sales. 

##TABLE_START Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions, except unit counts) 2025 2024 Net sales $ 674,538 $ 642,637 Percentage change from comparable period 5.0 % 6.1 % 

Gross profit (1) as a percentage of net sales 

24.1 % 23.7 % 

Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales 

20.7 % 20.4 % Operating income $ 29,348 $ 27,012 Operating income as a percentage of net sales 4.4 % 4.2 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Gross profit defined as net sales less cost of sales. 

Gross profit as a percentage of net sales ("gross profit rate") increased 40 and 27 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily driven by the Walmart U.S. segment, due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps, as well as growth in higher margin businesses globally, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories. Additionally, the increase in fiscal 2024 benefited from lapping higher markdowns incurred in the prior year. 

Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 36 and decreased 60 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance, increased marketing and higher depreciation expenses. The decrease for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to lapping charges of $3.3 billion related to opioid-related legal settlements and $0.8 billion related to the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the Walmart International segment in the prior year. 

Operating income as a percentage of net sales increased 15 and 83 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, due to the factors described above, as well as from strong growth in membership income globally. 

Returns 

As we execute our financial framework, we believe our return on capital will improve over time. We measure return on capital with our return on investment and free cash flow metrics. In addition, we provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section. 

Return on Assets and Return on Investment 

We include Return on Assets ("ROA") and Return on Investment ("ROI") as metrics to assess our return on capital. ROA is the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP") while ROI is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes ROI is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively Walmart is deploying its assets. Trends in ROI can fluctuate over time as management balances long-term strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts. 

Our calculation of ROI is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because we calculate ROI using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in ROA, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. ROA is consolidated net income for the period divided by average total assets for the period. We define ROI as operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense for the trailing 12 months divided by average invested capital during the period. We consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period. Although ROI is a standard financial measure, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's ROI. As a result, the method used by management to calculate our ROI may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their ROI. 

ROA was 7.9% and 6.6% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in ROA was primarily due to an increase in consolidated net income during the trailing 12 month period, as a result of higher operating income and changes in the fair value of our equity and other investments. ROI was 15.5% and 15.0% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in ROI was the result of an increase in operating income, primarily due to improvements in business performance, partially offset by an increase in average invested capital primarily due to higher purchases of property and equipment. 

The calculation of ROA and ROI, along with a reconciliation of ROI to the calculation of ROA, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, is as follows: ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 CALCULATION OF RETURN ON ASSETS Numerator Consolidated net income $ 20,157 $ 16,270 Denominator Average total assets (1) 

$ 256,611 $ 247,798 Return on assets (ROA) 7.9 % 6.6 % CALCULATION OF RETURN ON INVESTMENT Numerator Operating income $ 29,348 $ 27,012 + Interest income 483 546 + Depreciation and amortization 12,973 11,853 + Rent 2,347 2,277 = ROI operating income $ 45,151 $ 41,688 Denominator Average total assets (1) 

$ 256,611 $ 247,798 &#160;+ Average accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 

121,624 114,944 - Average accounts payable (1) 

57,739 55,277 - Average accrued liabilities (1) 

29,052 29,943 = Average invested capital $ 291,444 $ 277,522 Return on investment (ROI) 15.5 % 15.0 % ##TABLE_END

(1) The average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by two. 

##TABLE_START &#160; As of January 31, &#160; 2025 2024 2023 Certain Balance Sheet Data Total assets $ 260,823 $ 252,399 $ 243,197 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 123,646 119,602 110,286 Accounts payable 58,666 56,812 53,742 Accrued liabilities 29,345 28,759 31,126 ##TABLE_END

Strategic Capital Allocation 

Our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as eCommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. The following table provides additional detail regarding our capital expenditures: 

##TABLE_START (Amounts in millions) Fiscal Years Ended January 31, Allocation of Capital Expenditures 2025 2024 

Supply chain, customer-facing initiatives, technology and other 

$ 14,603 $ 11,828 Store and club remodels 5,552 5,792 New stores and clubs, including expansions and relocations 450 75 Total U.S. $ 20,605 $ 17,695 Walmart International 3,178 2,911 

Total Capital Expenditures 

$ 23,783 $ 20,606 ##TABLE_END

Free Cash Flow 

Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the Company's financial performance. Free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for discussions of GAAP metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities. 

We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. We had net cash provided by operating activities of $36.4 billion, $35.7 billion and $28.8 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We generated free cash flow of $12.7 billion, $15.1 billion and $12.0 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2025 is primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating income and lapping the payment of accrued opioid legal charges in the prior year, partially offset by increased inventory purchases. Free cash flow for fiscal 2025 decreased when compared to fiscal 2024 due to an increase of $3.2 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy, partially offset by the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above. Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2024 increased when compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges. Free cash flow for fiscal 2024 increased when compared to fiscal 2023 due to the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above, partially offset by an increase of $3.7 billion in capital expenditures to support our investment strategy. 

Walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . 

Although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. As a result, the method used by management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow. 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we believe to be the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities. 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 36,443 $ 35,726 $ 28,841 Payments for property and equipment (23,783) (20,606) (16,857) Free cash flow $ 12,660 $ 15,120 $ 11,984 

Net cash used in investing activities (1) 

$ (21,379) $ (21,287) $ (17,722) Net cash used in financing activities (14,822) (13,414) (17,039) ##TABLE_END

(1) "Net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow. 

Results of Operations 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

##TABLE_START Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Dollar amounts and retail square feet in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 674,538 $ 642,637 $ 605,881 Percentage change from comparable period 5.0 % 6.1 % 6.7 % 

Membership and other income (1) 

$ 6,447 $ 5,488 $ 5,408 

Total revenues 

680,985 648,125 611,289 Percentage change from comparable period 5.1 % 6.0 % 6.7 % 

Gross profit (2) 

162,785 152,495 142,160 

Operating expenses (2) 

139,884 130,971 127,140 Operating income 29,348 27,012 20,428 Other (gains) and losses 794 3,027 1,538 Consolidated net income 20,157 16,270 11,292 Percentage of net sales Gross profit 24.1 % 23.7 % 23.5 % Operating expenses 

20.7 % 20.4 % 21.0 % Operating income 4.4 % 4.2 % 3.4 % 

Unit counts at period end 

10,771 10,616 10,623 

Retail square feet at period end 

1,053 1,053 1,056 ##TABLE_END

(1) Membership and other income includes membership fees and other items such as rental and tenant income, recycling income, gift card breakage income, as well as other income from corporate campus facilities. 

(2) Gross profit is defined as net sales less cost of sales. Operating expenses refers to operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Our total revenues increased $32.9 billion or 5.1% and $36.8 billion or 6.0% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. These increases in revenues were primarily due to increases in net sales, which increased $31.9 billion or 5.0% and $36.8 billion or 6.1% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily due to strong positive comparable sales across our U.S. segments and international markets, driven primarily by growth in transactions and unit volumes, which included strength in eCommerce as well as strong sales in grocery, and health and wellness. Net sales were negatively impacted by $3.2 billion and positively impacted by $3.0 billion of fluctuations in currency exchange rates during fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Membership and other income increased $1.0 billion and $0.1 billion for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, primarily driven by growth in membership fee income globally. 

Our gross profit rate increased 40 and 27 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases were primarily driven by the Walmart U.S. segment, due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps, as well as growth in higher margin businesses globally, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories. Additionally, the increase in fiscal 2024 benefited from lapping higher markdowns incurred in the prior year. 

Our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 36 and decreased 60 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance, increased marketing and higher depreciation expenses. The decrease for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to lapping charges of $3.3 billion related to opioid-related legal settlements and $0.8 billion related to the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses in the Walmart International segment in the prior year. 

Other gains and losses consist of certain non-operating items, such as the change in the fair value of our investments and gains or losses on business dispositions, which by their nature can fluctuate from period to period. Other gains and losses consisted of net losses of $0.8 billion and $3.0 billion in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which primarily consisted of changes in fair value of our equity and other investments driven by changes in their underlying stock prices. 

Our effective income tax rate was 23.4%, 25.5%, and 33.6% for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in effective tax rate in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 is primarily due to the tax impact on changes in fair value of our investments. The higher effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 is primarily related to the tax impacts of the separation of Flipkart and PhonePe. Our effective income tax rate may also fluctuate as a result of various factors, including changes in our assessment of unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowances, business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, changes in tax law, changes in the administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, and the mix and size of earnings among our U.S. operations and international operations, which are subject to statutory rates that are generally higher than the U.S. statutory rate. The reconciliation from the U.S. statutory rate to the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 is provided in Note 9 . 

As a result of the factors discussed above, we reported $20.2 billion and $16.3 billion of consolidated net income for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which represents an increase of $3.9 billion and $5.0 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. Diluted net income per common share attributable to Walmart ("EPS") was $2.41, $1.91 and $1.42 for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Walmart U.S. Segment 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Dollar amounts and retail square feet in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 462,415 $ 441,817 $ 420,553 Net sales percentage change from comparable period 4.7 % 5.1 % 6.9 % Calendar comparable sales increase 4.8 % 5.5 % 7.0 % 

Membership and other income 

$ 2,594 $ 1,985 $ 1,845 Gross profit 125,964 118,254 111,748 

Operating expenses 

104,676 98,085 92,973 Operating income 23,882 22,154 20,620 Percentage of net sales Gross profit 27.2 % 26.8 % 26.6 % Operating expenses 

22.6 % 22.2 % 22.1 % Operating income 5.2 % 5.0 % 4.9 % Unit counts at period end 4,605 4,615 4,717 Retail square feet at period end 698 699 702 ##TABLE_END

Net sales for the Walmart U.S. segment increased $20.6 billion or 4.7% and $21.3 billion or 5.1% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable sales of 4.8% and 5.5% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Comparable sales in fiscal 2025 were driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Comparable sales in fiscal 2024 were driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Walmart U.S. eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.9% and 2.6% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by store-fulfilled pickup and delivery. 

Membership and other income increased $0.6 billion and $0.1 billion for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, primarily driven by growth in membership fee income from Walmart+ and recycling income. 

Gross profit rate increased 47 and 20 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase in fiscal 2025 gross profit rate was primarily driven by managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps and growth in higher margin businesses, partially offset by mix shifts into lower margin merchandise categories. The increase in fiscal 2024 gross profit rate was primarily due to managing prices aligned to our competitive historic price gaps and lapping higher net markdowns incurred in the prior year, partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. 

Operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales increased 44 and 9 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to increased marketing expenses, higher variable pay as a result of exceeding planned performance and increased depreciation expenses. For fiscal 2024, the increase was driven by higher variable pay relative to the prior year as a result of exceeding our planned performance. 

As a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. 

Walmart International Segment ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 

(Dollar amounts and retail square feet in millions) 

2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 121,885 $ 114,641 $ 100,983 Percentage change from comparable period 6.3 % 13.5 % &#8212; % Membership and other income $ 1,478 $ 1,408 $ 1,621 Gross profit 26,618 24,810 21,651 

Operating expenses 

22,595 21,309 20,307 Operating income 5,501 4,909 2,965 Percentage of net sales Gross profit 21.8 % 21.6 % 21.4 % Operating expenses 

18.5 % 18.6 % 20.1 % Operating income 4.5 % 4.3 % 2.9 % Unit counts at period end 5,566 5,402 5,306 Retail square feet at period end 274 274 273 ##TABLE_END

Net sales for the Walmart International segment increased $7.2 billion or 6.3% and $13.7 billion or 13.5% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2025, the increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales in all of our international markets, which included strength in eCommerce, partially offset by negative fluctuations in currency exchange rates of $3.2 billion. For fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales across our international markets and positive fluctuations in currency exchange rates of $3.0 billion. 

Gross profit rate increased 20 basis points for both fiscal 2025 and 2024 when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2025, the increase was primarily due to improved eCommerce margin and business mix changes, partially offset by ongoing channel and format mix changes. For fiscal 2024, the increase was primarily driven by supply chain efficiencies partially offset by ongoing channel and format mix shifts. 

Operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 5 and 152 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to increased sales driving expense leverage, partially offset by planned investments in associate wages and strategic priorities in Mexico and Central America. The decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2024, was primarily due to the lapping of business reorganization and restructuring charges incurred related to Flipkart and Massmart in fiscal 2023 and an increase in sales in fiscal 2024. 

As a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $0.6 billion and $1.9 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. 

Sam's Club U.S. Segment 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 

(Dollar amounts and retail square feet in millions) 

2025 2024 2023 Including Fuel Net sales $ 90,238 $ 86,179 $ 84,345 Percentage change from comparable period 4.7 % 2.2 % 14.7 % Calendar comparable sales increase 4.7 % 2.3 % 14.6 % Membership and other income $ 2,323 $ 2,051 $ 1,908 Gross profit 10,203 9,431 8,761 Operating expenses 

10,122 9,290 8,705 Operating income 2,404 2,192 1,964 Percentage of net sales Gross profit 11.3 % 10.9 % 10.4 % Operating expenses 

11.2 % 10.8 % 10.3 % Operating income 2.7 % 2.5 % 2.3 % Unit counts at period end 600 599 600 Retail square feet at period end 80 80 80 

Excluding Fuel (1) 

Net sales $ 79,777 $ 75,057 $ 71,665 Percentage change from comparable period 6.3 % 4.7 % 10.5 % Operating income $ 1,785 $ 1,659 $ 1,352 Operating income as a percentage of net sales 2.2 % 2.2 % 1.9 % ##TABLE_END

(1) We believe the "Excluding Fuel" information is useful to investors because it permits investors to understand the effect of the Sam's Club U.S. segment's fuel sales on its results of operations, which are impacted by the volatility of fuel prices. Volatility in fuel prices may continue to impact the operating results of the Sam's Club U.S. segment in the future. 

Net sales for the Sam's Club U.S. segment increased $4.1 billion or 4.7% and $1.8 billion or 2.2% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable sales, including fuel, of 4.7% and 2.3% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Comparable sales in fiscal 2025 were driven by growth in transactions and unit volumes, with strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Comparable sales in fiscal 2024 were driven by growth in transactions and average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Additionally, fiscal 2025 and 2024 growth was partially offset by lower fuel sales primarily due to lower market prices. Sam's Club U.S. eCommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.3% and 1.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was primarily driven by club-fulfilled curbside pickup and delivery. 

Membership and other income increased 13.3% and 7.5% for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2025 and 2024, the increases were primarily due to growth in membership base and Plus penetration. Fiscal 2025 and 2024 were also positively impacted by the expiration of a promotional offering offsetting membership fee increases during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Gross profit rate increased 37 and 55 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2025, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to improved operational efficiencies related to merchandise flow and increased margins in fuel, partially offset by higher eCommerce fulfillment costs. For fiscal 2024 , the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to the lapping of elevated markdowns in the prior year. Additionally, fiscal 2025 and 2024 gross profit rates were partially offset by product mix shifts into lower margin categories. 

Operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales increased 44 and 46 basis points for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. Fiscal 2025 operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to increased compensation related expenses, including associate wage investments and higher variable pay as a result of exceeding our planned performance, as well as elevated technology spend. Fiscal 2024 operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to lower fuel sales and elevated technology spend. 

As a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $0.2 billion for both fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. Generally, some or all of the remaining available cash flow has been used to fund dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our investment activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

##TABLE_START Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 36,443 $ 35,726 $ 28,841 ##TABLE_END

Net cash provided by operating activities was $36.4 billion, $35.7 billion and $28.8 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2025, when compared to the previous fiscal year, is primarily due to an increase in cash provided by operating income and lapping the payment of accrued opioid legal charges in the prior year, partially offset by increased inventory purchases. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2024, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was primarily due to higher cash provided by operating income, as well as timing of certain payments and strategic inventory management as part of working capital initiatives, partially offset by payment of the remaining accrued opioid legal charges. 

Cash Equivalents and Working Capital Deficit 

Cash and cash equivalents were $9.0 billion and $9.9 billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our working capital deficit, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, was $17.1 billion and $15.5 billion as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase in our working capital deficit is primarily driven by an increase in short-term borrowings for general corporate purposes and accounts payable due to timing of payments, partially offset by increased inventories and receivables related to higher sales growth. We generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases. 

We use intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. Additionally, from time-to-time, we repatriate earnings and related cash from jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Under current law, repatriations of foreign earnings will generally be free of U.S. federal tax, but may incur other taxes such as withholding or state taxes. We do not expect current local laws, or other existing limitations on anticipated future repatriations of cash amounts held outside the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 

As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, cash and cash equivalents of $3.3 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the U.S. due to local laws or other restrictions or are subject to the approval of the noncontrolling interest shareholders. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash used in investing activities $ (21,379) $ (21,287) $ (17,722) ##TABLE_END

Net cash used in investing activities was $21.4 billion, $21.3 billion and $17.7 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and generally consisted of capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities increased $0.1 billion for fiscal 2025 when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase is primarily due to increased purchases of property and equipment as well as the acquisition of VIZIO for net consideration of $1.9 billion, partially offset by net proceeds received from sales of certain strategic investments, including $3.6 billion related to the sale of our JD.com investment. Net cash used in investing activities increased $3.6 billion for fiscal 2024 when compared to the previous fiscal year, primarily due to increased payments for property and equipment. 

Capital expenditures 

Refer to the " Strategic Capital Allocation " section in our Company Performance Metrics for capital expenditure detail for fiscal 2025 and 2024. For the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 ("fiscal 2026"), we project capital expenditures will be approximately $21 billion to $25 billion, with a focus on technology, supply chain and customer-facing initiatives. 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash used in financing activities $ (14,822) $ (13,414) $ (17,039) ##TABLE_END

Net cash used in financing activities generally consisted of debt transactions, dividends paid, repurchases of Company stock and transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders. Fiscal 2025 net cash used in financing activities increased $1.4 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase is primarily due to lapping debt issuances in the prior fiscal year and increased share repurchases, partially offset by the purchase of certain noncontrolling interests in the prior fiscal year and higher short-term borrowings. Fiscal 2024 net cash used in financing activities decreased $3.6 billion when compared to the previous fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to fewer share repurchases, partially offset by the purchase of certain noncontrolling interests. 

Purchase and Sale of Subsidiary Stoc k 

During fiscal 2024, we paid $3.5 billion to acquire shares from certain Flipkart noncontrolling interest holders and settle the liability to former noncontrolling interest holders of PhonePe. Additionally, we received $0.7 billion related to new rounds of equity funding for the Company's majority owned PhonePe subsidiary. 

During fiscal 2023, we completed a $0.4 billion buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary and completed a $0.4 billion acquisition of Alert Innovation, bringing our ownership to approximately 100% of both Massmart and Alert Innovation. The Alert Innovation entity was subsequently sold and deconsolidated in fiscal 2025. 

Short-term Borrowings 

We generally utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. The following table includes additional information related to our short-term borrowings for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023: ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end $ 7,232 $ 9,942 $ 11,432 Average daily short-term borrowings 4,157 4,295 7,250 Annual weighted-average interest rate 5.1 % 5.1 % 2.4 % ##TABLE_END

Short-term borrowings as of January 31, 2025 and 2024 were $3.1 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, with weighted-average interest rates of 5.3% and 7.7%, respectively. We also have $15.0 billion of various undrawn committed lines of credit in the U.S. as of January 31, 2025 that provide additional liquidity, if needed. Additionally, we maintain access to various credit facilities outside of the U.S. to further support our Walmart International segment operations, as needed. 

As of January 31, 2025, we have $2.1 billion of syndicated and fronted letters of credit available, of which $1.5 billion was drawn and represents an unrecorded current obligation. 

Long-term Debt 

The following table provides the changes in our long-term debt for fiscal 2025: 

##TABLE_START (Amounts in millions) Long-term debt due within one year Long-term debt Total 

Balances as of February 1, 2024 

$ 3,447 $ 36,132 $ 39,579 Repayments of long-term debt (3,468) &#8212; (3,468) Reclassifications of long-term debt 2,625 (2,625) &#8212; Currency and other adjustments (6) (106) (112) Balances as of January 31, 2025 $ 2,598 $ 33,401 $ 35,999 ##TABLE_END

Our total outstanding long-term debt decreased $3.6 billion during fiscal 2025, primarily due to maturities of certain long-term debt. Refer to Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the issuances of long-term debt. 

Estimated contractual interest payments associated with our long-term debt amount to $18.2 billion, with approximately $1.7 billion expected to be paid in fiscal 2026. Estimated interest payments are based on our principal amounts and expected maturities of all debt outstanding as of January 31, 2025, and assumes interest rates remain at current levels for our variable rate instruments. 

Dividends 

Our total dividend payments were $6.7 billion, $6.1 billion and $6.1 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Effective February 20, 2025, the Company approved the fiscal 2026 annual dividend of $0.94 per share, an increase over the fiscal 2025 annual dividend of $0.83 per share. For fiscal 2026, the annual dividend will be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.235 per share, according to the following record and payable dates: 

##TABLE_START Record Date Payable Date March 21, 2025 April 7, 2025 May 9, 2025 May 27, 2025 August 15, 2025 September 2, 2025 December 12, 2025 January 5, 2026 ##TABLE_END

Company Share Repurchase Program 

From time to time, the Company repurchases shares of its common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Company's Board of Directors. All repurchases made during fiscal 2025 were made under the current $20.0 billion share repurchase program approved in November 2022, which has no expiration date or other restrictions limiting the period over which the Company can make repurchases. As of January 31, 2025, authorization for $12.0 billion of share repurchases remained under the share repurchase program. Any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status. 

We regularly review share repurchase activity and consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. We anticipate that a majority of the ongoing share repurchase program will be funded through the Company's free cash flow. 

The following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023: 

##TABLE_START Fiscal Years Ended January 31, (Amounts in millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Total number of shares repurchased 61.9 54.6 221.8 Average price paid per share $ 72.72 $ 50.87 $ 44.72 Total amount paid for share repurchases $ 4,494 $ 2,779 $ 9,920 ##TABLE_END

Material Cash Requirements 

Material cash requirements from operating activities primarily consist of inventory purchases, employee related costs, taxes, interest and other general operating expenses, which we expect to be primarily satisfied by our cash from operations. Other material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations include short-term borrowings, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases and purchase obligations. See Note 6 and Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and leases, respectively. 

As of January 31, 2025, the Company has $37.2 billion of unrecorded purchase obligations outstanding, of which $15.9 billion is due within one year. Purchase obligations include legally binding contracts, such as firm commitments for inventory and utility purchases, as well as commitments to make capital expenditures, software acquisition and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. Contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Contracts that specify the Company will purchase all or a portion of its requirements of a specific product or service from a supplier, but do not include a fixed or minimum quantity, are excluded from the obligations quantified above. Accordingly, purchase orders for inventory are also excluded as purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current inventory needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time periods. We also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. 

Capital Resources 

We believe our cash flows from operations, current cash position, short-term borrowings and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements and contractual obligations, which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. 

We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. As of January 31, 2025, the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as follows: 

##TABLE_START Rating agency &#160; Commercial paper &#160; Long-term debt Standard &#38; Poor's &#160; A-1+ &#160; AA Moody's Investors Service &#160; P-1 &#160; Aa2 Fitch Ratings &#160; F1+ &#160; AA ##TABLE_END

Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. Accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. Factors that could affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. The credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. Each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies. 

Other Matters 

In Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is captioned "Contingencies" and appears in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption " Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," we discuss, under the sub-captions " Settlement of Certain Opioid-Related Matters, " and " Ongoing Opioid-Related Litigation, " certain opioid-related matters, as well as the Prescription Opiate Litigation, and other matters, including certain risks arising therefrom. In that Note 10 , we discuss " Asda Equal Value Claims " the Company's indemnification obligation for the Asda Equal Value Claims matter, " Money Transfer Agent Services Matters, " a United States Federal Trade Commission complaint related to money transfers and the Company's anti-fraud program and a government investigation by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania into the Company's consumer fraud prevention and anti-money laundering compliance related to the Company's money transfer agent services, as well as matters related to independent contractor drivers on our Spark platform under " Driver Platform Matters. " In Note 10 , under " Mexico Antitrust Matter ," we also discuss a quasi-judicial administrative process initiated by COFECE against Walmex and Walmex's related constitutional challenge. In Note 10 , we also discuss a show cause notice and requests issued by the Directorate of Enforcement to Flipkart regarding Foreign Direct Investment rules and regulations in India and an India Antitrust Matter. We reference various legal proceedings related to the Prescription Opiate Litigation, the DOJ Opioid Civil Litigation, Opioids-Related Securities Class Actions, Shareholder Derivative Litigation and False Claims Act Litigation; Asda Equal Value Claims; Money Transfer Agent Services Litigation; Driver Platform Litigation; and Mexico Antitrust Matter in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption " Item 3. Legal Proceedings ," under the sub-caption "I. Supplemental Information." The foregoing matters and other matters described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent contingent liabilities of the Company that may or may not result in the incurrence of a material liability by the Company upon their final resolution. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 

Management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and require us to use technical terminology. In preparing the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. These principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reflected in our financial statements. These judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. Actual results may differ from our estimates. 

Management continually reviews our accounting policies including how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. Following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements. 

Contingencies 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters. We record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. We also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either reasonably possible or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. If a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency in the footnotes to our financial statements. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a 

reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made. Although we are not able to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate a range of possible losses in certain matters described in Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and have not recorded an associated accrual related to these matters, an adverse judgment or negotiated resolution in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. We account for uncertain tax positions by determining the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. Accordingly, the determination of our uncertain tax positions requires judgment, the use of estimates in certain cases and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. 

##TABLE_START 

Instruction: 
According to the given information, 
1. Briefly describe the company overview and company’s industry, using the structure: "Founded in xxxx, 'company name' is a xxxx that provides .....
2. Highlight core strengths and competitive advantages key products or services,
3. Include topics about end market (geography), major customers (blue chip or not), market share for market position section,
4. Identify current industry trends, opportunities, and challenges that influence the company’s strategy,
5. Outline recent strategic initiatives such as product launches, acquisitions, or new partnerships, and describe the company's response to market conditions. 
Less than 300 words.


Instruction: Summarize the analysis, less than 130 words.